Salary, Forfeitable Sign-On Bonus, Annual Incentive Compensation, and Retention Bonus
Base Salary
Annual Incentive Compensation
Retention Bonus
Long-Term Compensation, Including Stock Options, Benefits, Deferred Compensation, and Expense Reimbursement
Executive Compensation Plans
Deferral of Compensation
Reimbursement of Expenses
Car Allowance
Executive agrees to serve in a similar capacity at the Company if requested, for no additional compensation.2.
Salary, Forfeitable Sign-On Bonus, Annual Incentive Compensation, and Retention Bonus.As partial compensation for the services to be rendered hereunder by Executive, the Bank agrees to pay to Executive during the Term the compensation set forth in this Section 4.
(a) Base Salary.
The Bank will pay to Executive during the Term a base salary, the annual rate of which shall be $275,000.00, payable in cash in substantially equal semi-monthly installments commencing at the beginning of the Term, and otherwise in accordance with the Bank’s usual payroll practices with respect to senior executives (except to the extent deferred under Section 5(d)).
Executive’s annual base salary shall be reviewed by the Compensation Committee (the “Committee”) of the Board of Directors of the Bank (the “Board”) at least once in each calendar year, and may be increased above or reduced below the then-current rate of such base salary.
For purposes of this Agreement, “Base Salary” means Executive’s then-current base salary.
The Bank will pay a forfeitable sign-on bonus (“FSOB”) of $150,000 in cash with the first regular payroll period following Executive’s commencement of employment at the Bank, less applicable taxes and required withholdings.
(c) Annual Incentive Compensation.
The Bank will pay to Executive during the Term annual target incentive compensation which shall offer to Executive an opportunity to earn additional compensation based upon performance in amounts determined by the Committee in accordance with the applicable plan and consistent with past practices of the Bank, with the nature of the performance and the levels of performance triggering payments of such annual target incentive compensation for each year to be established and communicated to Executive during the first quarter of such year by the Committee.
The Committee (or the Board) may determine, in its discretion, to increase or decrease Executive’s annual target incentive opportunity or provide an additional annual incentive opportunity, in excess of the annual target incentive opportunity, payable for performance in excess of or in addition to the performance required for payment of the annual target incentive amount.
Any annual incentive compensation payable to Executive shall be paid in accordance with the applicable plan (except to the extent deferred under Section 5(d)).Without limiting the foregoing, Executive will be eligible to participate in the Bank’s 2014 annual incentive program with performance goals to be communicated to Executive after commencement of employment.
The Executive will have a target bonus of 40% of salary and a stretch level of 60%, in any event, bonus compensation for 2014 will not be less than $150,000.
Executive must be an employee of the Bank at the time of distribution of the annual incentive in 2015 in order to be entitled to receive the annual incentive payment.
Additionally, Executive shall be paid a retention bonus of $50,000, less appropriate taxes and required withholdings if he is an employee of the Bank in good standing on the first anniversary date of this Agreement; an additional retention bonus of $50,000, less appropriate taxes and required withholdings if he is an employee of the Bank in good standing on the second anniversary of this Agreement; and an additional retention bonus of $50,000-$ 100,000, less appropriate taxes and required withholdings if he is an employee of the Bank in good standing on the eighteen month anniversary of this Agreement.
The amount of the eighteen month anniversary retention bonus will be determined by the Bank’s Chief Executive Officer in consultation with the Bank’s Compensation Committee, in his and its discretion.5.
Long-Term Compensation, Including Stock Options, Benefits, Deferred Compensation, and Expense Reimbursement.
(a) Executive Compensation Plans.
The Bank makes no commitment under this Section 5(a) to provide participation opportunities to Executive in all plans and programs or at levels equal to (or otherwise comparable to) the participation opportunity of any other executive.Executive shall be entitled to a new hire equity grant in 2014 equal to $300,000 at the time of grant.
(b) Employee and Executive Benefit Plans.
The time and form of payment of such equity-based awards shall be governed by the plans and programs and the agreements and other documents pursuant to which such equity-based awards were granted.
(d) Deferral of Compensation.
(f) Reimbursement of Expenses.
The Bank will promptly reimburse Executive for all reasonable business expenses and disbursements incurred by Executive in the performance of Executive’s duties during the Term in accordance with the Bank’s reimbursement policies as in effect from time to time and the provisions of Section 7(g) of this Agreement.
The Bank shall reimburse Executive or pay for the cost of a family membership at a country club determined by the Bank in its discretion for use by Executive, including all membership bonds or surety, initiation or membership fees, annual dues, capital assessments and all business-related expenses incurred at such club.
(h) Car Allowance.
The Bank shall provide Executive with a car allowance of up to a maximum amount of $1,000 per month during the Term.
The car allowance shall be used to pay for the costs associated with the Executive’s primary automobile; including but not limited to, lease payments, insurance, registration, and maintenance costs.
Anything in this Section 5 to the contrary notwithstanding, with respect to any payment otherwise required hereunder, in the event of any delay in the payment date as a result of Sect ion 7(g) of this Agreement (relating to the six-month delay in payment of certain benefits to Specified Employees as required by Section 409A of the Code), the Bank will increase the payment to reflect the deferred payment date by adding to the payment an amount determined by multiplying the payment by the product of the six-month CMT Treasury Bill annualized yield rate as published by the U.S. Treasury for the date on which such payment would have been made but for the delay multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of days by which such payment was delayed and the denominator of which is 365.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if calculation of the amounts payable by such payment date is not administratively practicable due to events beyond the control of Executive (or Executive’s beneficiary or estate) and for reasons that are commercially reasonable, payment will be made as soon as administratively practicable in compliance with Section 409A of the Code and the Regulations.
Any payment or reimbursement due within such six-month period shall be delayed to the end of such six-month period as required by Section 7(g).
The Bank will increase the payment or reimbursement to reflect the deferred payment date by adding to the payment an amount determined by multiplying the payment by the product of the six-month CMT Treasury Bill annualized yield rate as published by the U.S. Treasury for the date on which such payment or reimbursement would have been made but for the delay multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of days by which such payment or reimbursement was delayed and the denominator of which is 365.
In the event of a reimbursement that is required by other terms of this Agreement to be made on an after-tax basis which is subject to the six-month delay in payment as described in Section 7(g) of this Agreement, the reimbursement as adjusted in accordance with this Section 6(d) to reflect the deferred payment date shall be paid to Executive on an after-tax and fully grossed-up basis so that Executive is held economically harmless.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if calculation of the amounts payable by such payment date is not administratively practicable due to events beyond the control of Executive (or Executive’s beneficiary or estate) and for reasons that are commercially reasonable, payment will be made as soon as administratively practicable in compliance with Section 409A of the Code and the Regulations.
Such lump sum amount shall be calculated by an actuary selected by the Bank and paid in cash at the time specified in Section 7(g).
Such lump sum amount shall be calculated by an actuary selected by the Bank and paid in cash at the time specified in Section 7(g).
In addition, provided that Executive shall be in compliance with the conditions set forth in Section 10, the Bank shall pay to Executive at the time specified in Section 7(g) a lump sum amount equal on an after-tax basis to the present value of the sum of (A) the amount that Executive and the Bank would have paid, had he remained employed, for coverage under the Bank’s group long-term disability policy from the date of Executive’s termination of employment until the third anniversary of Executive’s termination of employment, calculated on the assumption that the cost of such coverage would remain unchanged from that in effect for the year in which Executive’s termination occurred; and (B) the amount that Executive and the Bank would have paid to continue Executive’s group life 16
In addition, with respect to any reimbursement made under Section 6(b)(v) for expenses for medical coverage purchased by Executive’s spouse, any such reimbursement made during the period of time Executive’s spouse or dependents would be entitled to continuation coverage under the Bank’s Health Plan pursuant to COBRA if Executive’s spouse or dependents had elected such coverage and paid the applicable premiums shall be exempt from Section 409A of the Code and the six-month delay in payment described hereinbelow pursuant to Section 1.409A-1(b)(9)(v)(B) of the Regulations.
The Bank agrees to reimburse Executive, on an after tax basis each calendar quarter, for all expenses actually incurred in connection with his provision of testimony or assistance in accordance with the provisions of Section 7(g) of this Agreement but not later than the last day of the year in which the expense was incurred.
If the Company is required to prepare an accounting restatement due to the material noncompliance of the Company, as a result of misconduct, with any financial reporting requirement under the securities laws, Executive shall reimburse the Bank for (i) any bonus or other incentive based or equity-based compensation received by Executive during the 12-month period following the first public issuance or filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (whichever first occurs) of the financial document embodying such financial reporting requirement; and (ii) any profits realized from the sale of securities of the Company during that 12-month period.
If Executive becomes subject to any tax penalty or interest under Section 409A of the Code by reason of this Agreement, the Bank shall reimburse Executive on a fully grossed-up and after-tax basis for any such tax penalty or interest (so that Executive is held economically harmless) ten business days prior to the date such tax penalty or interest is due and payable by Executive to the government.
(c) Interest on Unpaid Amounts.
