Exhibit 10.2
US 6534781
The Company shall make available to the Executive a full-service relocation service.
If, within the Cure Period, the Company delivers written notice to the Executive denying that Good Reason exists, the question of the existence or nonexistence of Good Reason will be subject to the dispute resolution procedure set forth in Section 9(f).
8
If the Executive fails to properly execute and timely deliver the Release (or revokes the Release), the Executive agrees that the Executive shall not be entitled to receive the accelerated vesting described in Sections 4(b) or
(a)Confidential Information; Assignment of Rights to Intellectual Property.
(ii)All documents, records, tapes and other media of every kind and description relating to the business, present or otherwise, of the Company and any copies, in whole or in part, thereof (“Documents”), whether or not prepared by the Executive, shall be the sole and exclusive property of the Company.
The Executive shall safeguard all Documents and shall surrender to the Company all Documents in Executive’s possession or control at the time Executive’s employment terminates, or at such earlier time or times as the Company may specify.
14
16
(b)All notices and other communications hereunder shall be in writing and shall be given by hand delivery to the other party or sent by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, addressed as follows:
501 Dudley Road
Newton, MA 02459
17
2801 Gateway Drive, Suite 150
Notice and communications shall be effective when actually received by the addressee.
18
Neither the Company nor the Executive shall have the right to accelerate or defer the delivery of any such payments or benefits except to the extent specifically permitted or required by Section 409A.
(j)Each party hereto agrees with the other party hereto that it will cooperate with such other party and will execute and deliver, or cause to be executed and delivered, all such other instruments and documents, and will take such other actions, as such other party may reasonably request from time to time to effectuate the provisions and purpose of this Agreement.
The Executive further understands, and the Company agrees, that this Agreement, and any other agreement between the Executive and the Company, does not limit the Executive’s ability to communicate with any Government Agency or otherwise participate in any investigation or proceeding that may be conducted by any Government Agency, including providing documents or other information to the Government Agency, without notice to the Company.
/s/ Manmeet S. Soni
J. Warren Huff
RELEASE
In order to receive the consideration set forth in Section 2 below, you must return this Release to the Company on or before ____________, ____.
(b)[You have been provided with, and attached to this Release as Annex A is, a listing of: (i) the job titles and ages of all employees selected for termination and offered a payment in exchange for entering into an agreement and release; (ii) the ages of all employees in
the same job classification or organizational unit who were not selected for termination and not eligible to receive a payment in exchange for entering into an agreement and release; and (iii) information about coverage, eligibility factors and time limits associated with such terminations and related agreements and releases.]
Any notice of revocation of the Release is effective only if received by the Chief Financial Officer, in care of the Company at 2801 Gateway Drive, Suite 150, Irving, Texas, 75063, in writing by the close of business at 5:00 p.m. Central Time on the seventh day after your signing of this Release.
