(b)Compensation.
(i)Base Salary.
During the Employment Period, or any Additional Employment Period, the Executive shall receive an annual base salary of $530,000 (the “Annual Base Salary”), which shall be paid on a semi-monthly basis in accordance with the customary payroll terms, conditions and practices of the Company.
During the Employment Period, or any Additional Employment Period, the Annual Base Salary may be reviewed and may be increased from time to time in accordance with the compensation practices and guidelines of the Company for its executives.
Any increase in Annual Base Salary shall not serve to limit or reduce any other obligation to the Executive under this Agreement.
The term Annual Base Salary as utilized in this Agreement shall refer to the Executive’s Annual Base Salary as so increased.
The Executive will be eligible for an increase in Annual Base Salary beginning 2020 on the same basis as other executive officers of the Company.
In addition to Annual Base Salary, the Executive shall be eligible to receive during the Employment Period, or any Additional Employment Period, an annual bonus (the “Bonus”), such Bonus to be awarded only upon the Company’s attainment of certain milestones to be determined by the Board (or a committee of the Board).
The Bonus, if any, shall be payable annually to the Executive consistent with the practices for executives of the Company.
The Executive’s target bonus (“Target Bonus”) will be 40% of the Executive’s Annual Base Salary.
Additionally, the Executive will receive a sign-on bonus of $150,000, payable at the time of the Executive’s first salary payment.
Bonus payments will be less all required withholding taxes and any other amounts required by law to be deducted.
The Target Bonus for 2019 will be pro-rated based on months of service.
(iii)Incentive, Savings and Retirement Plans.
(iv)Welfare Benefit Plans.
(v)Expenses.
During the Employment Period, or any Additional Employment Period, the Executive shall be entitled to receive prompt reimbursement for all reasonable expenses incurred by the Executive on behalf of the Company in accordance with the policies, practices and procedures of the Company, which provide an objectively determinable nondiscretionary definition of the expenses eligible for reimbursement.
(vii)Equity Grants.
On August 28, 2019, the Company shall grant to the Executive (1) an option to purchase 250,000 shares of the Company's Class B common stock (“Stock”) at a per share exercise price equal to the closing sales price of the Company's Class A common stock (“Class A Stock”) on NASDAQ on August 28, 2019 (the “Time-Vested Option”), (2) an option to purchase 50,000 shares of Stock at a per share exercise price equal to the closing sales price of the Class A Stock on NASDAQ on August 28, 2019 (the “Performance-Based Option”), and (3) 50,000 performance-based restricted stock units for Stock (the “RSUs”).
One half of the Performance-Based Option and one half of the RSUs will vest on the day prior to the expiration date that a Form 10-K or Form 10-Q, as applicable, is filed reflecting that, in the immediately preceding calendar quarter and any prior periods, cumulatively, the Company (plus any Spin Co (as hereinafter defined) or any Acquiring Co (as hereinafter defined)) booked $100 million or more of gross product sales revenue, including royalty revenue based on product sales.
The remaining one half of the Performance-Based Option and remaining one half of the RSUs will vest on the day prior to the expiration date that a Form 10-K or Form 10-Q, as applicable, is filed reflecting that, in the immediately preceding calendar quarter and any prior periods, cumulatively, the Company (plus any Spin Co or any Acquiring Co) booked $200 million or more of gross product sales revenue, including royalty revenue based on product sales.
The RSUs will settle (i.e., the Executive will receive shares of Stock) within 45 days of vesting of the RSUs.
The Executive will be eligible for a grant of equity awards at the end of 2019 on the same basis as other executive officers of the Company.
(viii)Relocation Expenses.
The Company shall provide reimbursement to the Executive of customary and reasonable expenses associated with the relocation of the Executive’s household to the Dallas area.
These expenses shall include (a) for the selling of the Executive’s existing home: realtors fees, title insurance,  inspection fees, transfer taxes, appraisals, and taxes associated with documentation filings; (b) packing, transportation, insurance, storage and  unpacking of the Executive’s personal possessions to the Executive’s new home; and (c) for the purchase of the Executive’s new home: title insurance, inspection fees, transfer and documentation taxes, and loan origination fees not to exceed one percent of your mortgage.
Presentation of proper evidence of expenses incurred will be required for reimbursement of the Executive’s relocation expenses and, once submitted, will be reimbursed within thirty (30) days following such submission.
A payment to "gross up" reimbursed expenses will be made at the same time as such reimbursement to offset federal and other taxes deemed to be imposed on such reimbursement using the same tax rate assumptions specified in Section 4(g) for any component of the relocation that is considered taxable per IRS regulations.
The Company shall reimburse the Executive for relocation costs up to a maximum of $260,000 (before "gross up" for federal income taxes).
In addition, the Company shall reimburse the Executive for the cost of up to three (3) house hunting trips for the Executive and the Executive’s family, including airfare, hotel, meal costs and the cost of a rental vehicle, which reimbursement shall not be included in the calculation of, or subject to, the $260,000 limitation above.
The relocation assistance described in this Section 2(b)(viii) will be paid for expenses incurred through July 2021, though extension of this period is available upon request under special circumstances.
(ix)Temporary Living Expenses.
In addition to any payments made to the Executive pursuant to Section 2(b)(viii), the Company shall provide the Executive with up to eighteen (18) months temporary accommodation in a serviced apartment (not to include food costs).
The Company shall reimburse the Executive for the Executive’s transportation costs for reasonable commuting to return to the Executive’s family home during the period of temporary accommodation.
Presentation of proper evidence of expenses incurred will be required for reimbursement of the Executive’s temporary living expenses and, once submitted, will be reimbursed within thirty (30) days following such submission.
Upon the Executive’s death or Disability during the Employment Period, or any Additional Employment Period, but prior to the occurrence of a Change in Control or more than two years after the occurrence of a Change in Control, the Company shall have no further payment obligations to the Executive or his legal representatives under this Agreement, other than for (i) payment of the Accrued Obligations (within 15 days following the Date of Termination) and Other Benefits; (ii) payment of a lump sum cash amount equal to the Executive’s current Annual Base Salary, payable on the next payroll date immediately following the eighth day following the delivery to the Company of a properly executed Release in accordance with Section 4(f) of this Agreement;  (iii) Welfare Benefit Continuation as defined, and pursuant to the terms and in the manner described, in Section 4(d)(ii) up to the 12 month, rather than the 24 month, anniversary of the Date of Termination; and (iv) subject to Section 4(f), all equity awards granted by the Company to, or otherwise held by, the Executive shall immediately vest in full and any repurchase provisions (other than fair market value repurchase provisions) shall lapse and may be exercised and/or settled in accordance with the terms of the applicable plan or award agreement; provided, however, the Executive may elect, and the Company will allow, the payment of the exercise price of any outstanding stock options, and the satisfaction of any required tax withholding with respect to any outstanding stock option or other equity award, through the withholding of shares otherwise issuable to the Executive pursuant to the stock option or other equity award.
(i)The Company shall pay to the Executive (A) the Accrued Obligations within 15 days following the Date of Termination, and (B) subject to Sections 4(f) and 4(h), a lump sum cash amount equal to two times the Executive’s then current Annual Base Salary, such sum to be paid on the next payroll date immediately following the eighth day following the Executive’s delivery to the Company of a properly executed Release in accordance with Section 4(f) of this Agreement.
(iv)To the extent not theretofore paid or provided, the Company shall timely pay or provide to the Executive and/or the Executive’s family the Other Benefits.
The Gross-Up Payment will be in an amount such that, after payment by the Executive of all taxes, penalties and interest, including any Excise Tax imposed upon the Gross-Up Payment, the Executive retains an amount of the Gross-Up Payment equal to the Excise Tax imposed upon the Payment.
For purposes of determining the amount of the Gross-Up Payment, the Executive will be considered to pay (A) federal income taxes at the highest rate in effect in the year in which the Gross-Up Payment will be made and (B) state and local income taxes at the highest rate in effect in the state or locality in which the Gross-Up Payment would be subject to state or local tax, net of the maximum reduction in federal income tax that could be obtained from deduction of such state and local taxes.
The Gross-Up Payment will be paid to the Executive as soon as administratively practicable following the later of (i) the date Executive is required to pay the excise tax imposed by Section 4999 of the Code, or (ii) in the event the Executive is determined, in accordance with the methods specified in the regulations issued under Section 409A of the Code, to be a “specified employee” (within the meaning of Section 409A(a)(2)(B)(i) of the Code) of the Company at the time of the Executive’s “separation from service” (within the meaning of Section 409A(a)(2)(A)(i) of the Code and the applicable regulations and administrative guidance issued thereunder), the first day of the seventh month after the date of the Executive’s “separation from service” or, if earlier, the date of death of Executive.
In the event that the Excise Tax is subsequently determined by the Accounting Firm or pursuant to any proceeding or negotiations with the Internal Revenue Service to be less than the Gross-Up Payment at the time payment is
made under this Section 4(g), the Executive shall repay to the Company, at the time that the amount of such reduction in the Excise Tax is finally determined, the portion of such prior payment that would not have been paid if such Excise Tax had been applied in initially calculating such payment, plus interest on the amount of such repayment at the rate provided in section 1274(b)(2)(B) of the Code.
The Gross-Up Payment will be made in a manner that complies with Treasury Regulation § 1.409A-3(i)(1)(v).
In the event the Executive is determined, in accordance with the methods specified in the regulations issued under Section 409A of the Code, to be a “specified employee” (within the meaning of Section 409A(a)(2)(B)(i) of the Code) of the Company at the time of the Executive’s “separation from service” (within the meaning of Section 409A(a)(2)(A)(i) of the Code and the applicable regulations and administrative guidance issued thereunder) then, in-lieu of providing Welfare Benefit Continuation pursuant to this Section 4 with respect to benefits that would not constitute medical expenses deductible under section 213 of the Code (disregarding the requirement of section 213(a) of the Code that the deduction is available only to the extent that such expenses exceed 7.5 percent of adjusted gross income) (“Non-Medical Continuation Benefits”), during the six month period following Executive’s “separation from service,” the Company shall pay to the Executive an amount equal to the Company-provided costs of such Non-Medical Continuation Benefits in a single lump sum payment on the first day of the seventh month following the Executive’s “separation from service.”  Nothing in this Section 4(h) will impact the obligation of the Company to provide Welfare Benefit Continuation as provided in this Section 4 with respect to Welfare Benefits other than Non-Medical Continuation Benefits or to provide Non-Medical Continuation Benefits following the six month period following Executive’s “separation from service.”  This Section 4(h) will have no effect with respect to benefits payable pursuant to this Agreement due to the Executive’s Disability.
The Executive will not charge the Company for time spent in complying with any such obligation to execute.
The Arbitrator shall award the prevailing party its reasonable attorneys fees incurred in connection with the dispute.
For purposes of Section 409A, each of the payments that may be made under this Agreement shall be deemed to be a separate payment for purposes of Section 409A.
The Company agrees to provide the accelerated vesting described in [Section 4(b)] [Section 4(d)] and to pay you the consideration set forth in [Section 4(b)(ii)] [Section 4(c)(ii)] [Section 4(d)(i)(B)] of the Employment Agreement.
The Company will make the payment(s) to you on the first pay date of the Company occurring at least eight (8) days following the date you sign this Release (and return it to the Company).
You acknowledge that any payment that the Company makes to you under this Release is in addition to anything else of value to which you are entitled and that the Company is not otherwise obligated to make such payment to you.
In connection therewith, you covenant and agree, upon reasonable prior notice and during normal business hours, to make yourself reasonably available to and otherwise reasonably assist and cooperate with the Company, and with its respective attorneys and advisors in connection with any such litigation, arbitrations, government or other administrative proceeding; provided, that, in connection with so making yourself available to, assisting or cooperating with such parties (i) the Company shall pay you a mutually agreeable per diem rate, bi-weekly in arrears, (ii) the Company shall bear, and reimburse you for, all out-of-pocket expenses reasonably incurred by you in connection with such services, and (iii) you shall not be required to devote an amount of time that would materially interfere with your other professional responsibilities or services provided to any other person or entity.
