The Common Shares and Preferred Shares acquired by Executive pursuant to this Section 1(a) are sometimes referred to herein as “Carried Shares.” On or promptly following the Effective Date, the Company will deliver to Executive (i) certificates representing the Preferred Shares and any such Common Shares that are vested as of the Effective Date pursuant to Section 2 hereof, and (ii) copies of the certificates representing any such Common Shares that are not then vested pursuant to Section 2 hereof.
Upon the occurrence of a Sale of the Company, the Company will return any such certificates for the Carried Shares to the record holders thereof.
At the written request of the Executive, the Company shall provide, not more than once per calendar quarter, certificates evidencing Carried Shares that have then vested to the record holder thereof.
(f) Concurrently with the execution of this Agreement, Executive shall execute in blank ten stock transfer powers in the form of Exhibit B attached hereto (the “Stock Powers”) with respect to the Common Shares and shall deliver such Stock Powers to the Company.
The Stock Powers shall authorize the Company to assign, transfer and deliver the Common Shares to the appropriate acquiror thereof pursuant to Section 3 below and under no other circumstances.
(c) The Board may elect to purchase all or any portion of the Unvested Shares by delivering written notice (the “Repurchase Notice”) to the holder or holders of the Unvested Shares within ninety (90) days after the Separation.
(e) The closing of the purchase of the Unvested Shares pursuant to the Repurchase Option shall take place on the date designated by the Company in the Repurchase Notice, which date shall not be more than one month nor less than five days after the delivery of such notice.
revocation in writing to the holders of Unvested Shares during the thirty-day period beginning on the date that the Company is given written notice that the Fair Market Value of Unvested Shares was finally determined to be an amount at least 10% greater than the per share repurchase price for Unvested Shares set forth in the Repurchase Notice.
(a) Transfer of Carried Shares.
(b) Certain Permitted Transfers.
Any transferee of Carried Shares pursuant to a Transfer in accordance with the provisions of this Section 4(b)(i) is herein referred to as a “Permitted Transferee.” Upon the Transfer of Carried Shares pursuant to this Section 4(b), the transferring holder of Carried Shares will deliver a written notice (a “Transfer Notice”) to the Company.
In addition, if the holder of the Carried Shares delivers to the Company an opinion of counsel that no subsequent Transfer of such Carried Shares shall require registration under the Securities Act, the Company shall promptly upon such contemplated Transfer deliver new certificates for such Carried Shares which do not bear the Securities Act portion of the legend set forth in Section 5(a).
If the Company is not required to deliver new certificates for such Carried Shares not bearing such legend, the holder thereof shall not Transfer the same until the prospective transferee has confirmed to the Company in writing its agreement to be bound by the conditions contained in this Section 5.
(ii) Executive shall report to the Chief Executive Officer and/or the President of Employer and Executive shall devote his best efforts and his full business time and attention to the business and affairs of the Company, Employer and their Subsidiaries.
Employer may (in its sole discretion) elect to extend the Initial Severance Period for up to three additional six-month periods (each an “Additional Severance Period”) by providing Executive written notice of such extension no less than 60 days prior to the last day of the Initial Severance Period or the then effective Additional Severance Period and paying Executive during each month of any such Additional Severance Period an additional amount equal to 1/12th of his Annual Base Salary, payable in equal installments on the Employer’s regular salary payment dates.
Upon request from time to time, Executive shall furnish Employer with a true and complete certificate specifying any such compensation earned or received by him while receiving any severance payments from Employer.
Executive agrees to deliver to the Company at a Separation, or at any other time the Company may request in writing, all memoranda, notes, plans, records, reports and other documents (and copies thereof) relating to the business of the Company, Employer and their respective Subsidiaries and Affiliates (including, without limitation, all acquisition prospects, lists and contact information) which he may then possess or have under his control.
(b) Nonsolicitation.
If Executive reasonably disagrees with such determination, Executive shall deliver to the Board a written notice of objection within ten days after delivery of a Repurchase Notice.
Upon receipt of Executive’s written notice of objection, the Board and Executive will negotiate in good faith to agree on such Fair Market Value.
If such agreement is not reached within 30 days after the delivery of the Repurchase Notice, Fair Market Value shall be determined by an appraiser jointly selected by the Board and Executive, which appraiser shall submit to the Board and Executive a report within 30 days of its engagement setting forth such determination.
If the parties are unable to agree on an appraiser within 45 days after delivery of the Repurchase Notice, within seven days, each party shall submit the names of four nationally recognized firms that are engaged in the business of valuing non-public securities, and each party shall be entitled to strike two names from the other party’s list of firms, and the appraiser shall be selected by lot from the remaining four firms.
“Quarter Date” means February, May, August and November of each year beginning on May 14, 2005 and ending on February 14, 2007.
“Transfer” means to sell, transfer, assign, pledge or otherwise dispose of (whether with or without consideration and whether voluntarily or involuntarily or by operation of law).
Notices.
Any notice provided for in this Agreement must be in writing and must be either personally delivered, mailed by first class mail (postage prepaid and return receipt requested) or sent by reputable overnight courier service (charges prepaid) to the recipient at the address below indicated: If to Employer: Syniverse Technologies, Inc.One Tampa City CenterSuite 700Tampa, Florida 33602Attention:    Robert Garcia, Jr. with copies to: GTCR Fund VII, L.P.GTCR Fund VII/A, L.P.GTCR Co-Invest, L.P.GTCR Capital Partners, L.P.c/o GTCR Golder Rauner, L.L.C.6100 Sears TowerChicago, Illinois 60606-6402Attention:     David A. Donnini             Collin E. Roche and Kirkland & Ellis LLP200 East Randolph DriveChicago, Illinois 60601Attention:     Stephen L. Ritchie, P.C.
If to Executive: Raymond L. Lawless5004 Londonderry DriveTampa, Florida 33647 If to the Investors: GTCR Fund VII, L.P.GTCR Fund VII/A, L.P.GTCR Co-Invest, L.P.GTCR Capital Partners, L.P.c/o GTCR Golder Rauner, L.L.C.6100 Sears TowerChicago, Illinois 60606-6402Attention:     David A. Donnini             Collin E. Roche with a copy to: Kirkland & Ellis LLP200 East Randolph DriveChicago, Illinois 60601Attention:     Stephen L. Ritchie, P.C.
or such other address or to the attention of such other person as the recipient party shall have specified by prior written notice to the sending party.
Any notice under this Agreement will be deemed to have been given when so delivered or sent or, if mailed, five days after deposit in the U.S. mail.
Executive agrees to cooperate in any medical or other examination, supply any information, and to execute and deliver any applications or other instruments in writing as may be reasonably necessary to obtain and constitute such insurance.
(o) Deemed Transfer of Carried Shares.
