Delivery of Documents.
The Fund will promptly furnish to Wachovia copies, properly certified or authenticated, of contracts, documents and other related information that Wachovia may request or requires to properly discharge its duties.
b.             Incumbency and signature certificates identifying and containing the signatures of the Fund’s Authorized Persons;
The Fund will furnish Wachovia from time to time with copies of all amendments of or supplements to the foregoing, if any.
Delivery and Registration of the Property.
The Fund will deliver or cause to be delivered to Wachovia, to be held by Wachovia on the Fund’s behalf under the terms of this Agreement, all Property it owns, including cash received for the issuance of its Shares, at any time during the period of this Agreement, except for Securities and monies to be delivered to any subcustodian or depository appointed pursuant to this AgreementWachovia will not be responsible for Securities and monies until Wachovia or any such subcustodian or depository actually receives them.
All Securities delivered to Wachovia or to any subcustodian,  or depository on behalf of the Fund as provided herein (other than in bearer form) shall be registered in the name of the Fund or in the name of a nominee of the Fund, in the name of Wachovia or any nominee of Wachovia (with or without indication of fiduciary status), in the name of any subcustodian or depository or any nominee of such a subcustodian or depository appointed pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, or shall be properly endorsed and in form for transfer satisfactory to Wachovia .
Wachovia’s only duty shall be to mail for delivery on the next Business Day to the Fund any documents received, including proxy statements and offering circulars, with any proxies executed by the nominee for Securities registered in a nominee name.
b.             Wachovia shall transmit promptly to the Fund all written information (including, without limitation, pendency of calls and maturities of Securities and expirations of rights in connection therewith and notices of exercise of call and put options the Fund writes and the maturity of futures contracts the Fund purchases or sells) Wachovia receives from issuers of the Securities the Fund holds, or from an Eligible Foreign Custodian or Eligible Securities Depository holding Foreign Assets of the Fund.
For tender or exchange offers, Wachovia shall transmit promptly by facsimile to the Fund all written information Wachovia receives from issuers of the Securities whose tender or exchange is sought and from the party (or his agents) making the tender or exchange offer, or from an Eligible Foreign Custodian or Eligible Securities Depository holding Foreign Assets of the Fund.
If the Fund desires to take action on any tender offer, exchange offer or any other similar transaction, the Fund shall notify Wachovia at least two business days before the date on which Wachovia is to take action or five business days if the tender offer, exchange offer, or other similar transaction involves a Foreign Asset, or upon the date the Fund first receives the notification, if later.
c.             Wachovia shall promptly notify the Fund of any rights or discretionary actions or
Receipt and Disbursement of Money.
persons to whom the payment is to be made.
b.             Wachovia shall furnish the Fund daily with confirmations and a summary of all transfers to or from the account of the Fund during said day.
At least monthly and from time to time as requested by the Fund, Wachovia shall furnish the Fund with a detailed statement of the Property held for the Fund under this Agreement.
Wachovia shall notify the Board of the placement of Foreign Assets with an Eligible Foreign Custodian and any Material Changes in the Fund’s foreign custody arrangements by providing a written report to the Board at the end of each calendar quarter or at such times as the Fund’s trustees deem reasonable and appropriate.
With respect to Material Changes, Wachovia shall provide the Board with a written report promptly after the occurrence of the Material Change.
Wachovia shall provide to the Fund (or its investment adviser(s)) such information as is specified in Exhibit A hereto, as may be amended from time to time by the parties.
Wachovia will provide to the Fund (or its investment adviser(s)) upon reasonable request a written statement as may reasonably be required to document its compliance with the terms of this Agreement, as well as information regarding the following factors:  (i) Wachovia’s expertise in foreign custody issues and risks; (ii) Wachovia’s use of third party experts to perform its foreign custody responsibilities; (iii) the Board’s ability to monitor Wachovia’s performance; and (iv) Wachovia’s financial strength and its ability to indemnify the Fund if necessary.
As a condition precedent to Wachovia’s performance under this Paragraph 8, the Fund shall deliver to Wachovia a certificate from the Fund’s secretary containing the resolution of the Board regarding the Board’s determination that it is reasonable to rely on Wachovia to perform the responsibilities delegated pursuant to this Agreement to Wachovia as Foreign Custody Manager of the Fund.
Wachovia shall provide a report of settlement practices in Foreign Markets as described in Exhibit A.
Promptly after the Fund or its agent lends Securities in the Fund’s account, the Fund shall deliver or cause to be delivered to Wachovia, as custodian, a certificate specifying (a) the name of the issuer and the title of the Securities; (b) the number of shares or principal amount loaned; (c) the date of the loan and delivery; (d) a description of and total amount of collateral to
be delivered to Wachovia for the account of the Fund against the loan of the Securities, including the amount of the cash collateral and the premium, if any, separately identified; and (e) the name of the broker-dealer or financial institution to which the loan was made.
Wachovia shall deliver Securities so designated to the broker-dealer or financial institution to which the loan was made upon the receipt of the collateral for the account of the Fund designated as to be delivered against the loan of Securities.
Wachovia may accept payment for the account of the Fund in connection with a delivery otherwise than through a Depository only as directed by the Fund and may deliver Securities in accordance with the customs prevailing among dealers in Securities.
Promptly after each termination of a loan of Securities, the Fund shall deliver to Wachovia, as custodian, a certificate specifying (a) the name of the issuer and the title of the Securities to be returned to the Fund; (b) the number of shares or principal amount to be returned; (c) the date of termination; (d)  the total amount of collateral held for the account of the Fund that Wachovia is to deliver, including the amount of the cash collateral less any offsetting credits as described in the certificate; (e) the name of the broker-dealer or financial institution from which the Securities will be returned; and (f) whether the return is to be effected through a Depository.
Wachovia shall receive for the account of the Fund all Securities returned from a broker-dealer or other financial institution to which the Securities were loaned, and upon receipt thereof shall pay from the account of the Fund the total amount payable upon the return of the Securities as set forth in the certificate.
a.             Wachovia shall, until Wachovia actually receives Proper Instructions to the contrary, (i) deposit in a Depository all Securities of the Fund eligible for deposit therein and (ii) use a Depository to the extent possible in connection with the performance of its duties hereunder, including without limitation, settlements of the Fund’s purchases and sales of
Wachovia will effect payment for Securities and receive and deliver Securities in accordance with accepted industry practices as set forth in (c) below, unless the Fund has given Wachovia Proper Instructions to the contrary.
c.             Wachovia shall transfer cash from the account of the Fund in payment for Securities purchased for the account of the Fund upon (i) receipt of advice from the Depository that the Securities have been transferred to the Fund, and (ii) the making of an entry on the records of Wachovia to reflect the payment and transfer for the account of the Fund.
Upon receipt of Proper Instructions, Wachovia shall transfer Securities sold for the account of the Fund upon (i) receipt of advice from the Depository that payment for the Securities has been transferred to the Account, and (ii) the making of an entry on the records of Wachovia to reflect the transfer and payment for the account of the Fund.
Copies of all advices from the Depository of transfers of Securities for the account of the Fund shall identify the Fund, and Wachovia shall maintain these copies for the Fund and provide them to the Fund at its request.
The Fund agrees to forward to Wachovia Proper Instructions confirming oral instructions by the close of business of the same day that the oral instructions are given to Wachovia.
i.              collect and receive on a timely basis for the account of the Fund, all income and other payments and distributions, including (without limitation) stock dividends, rights, warrants and similar items, included or to be included in the Property of the Fund, and promptly advise the Fund of the receipt and shall credit the income, as collected, to the Fund.
Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Wachovia shall detach and present for payment all coupons and other income items requiring presentation as and when they become due and shall collect interest when due on Securities held hereunder.
endorse and deposit for collection in the name of the Fund, checks, drafts, or other orders for the payment of money on the same day as received;
Unless specifically instructed to the contrary in writing, Wachovia is authorized to exchange Securities in bearer form for Securities in registered form.
forward promptly to the Fund copies of all information or documents that
Wachovia is authorized to deliver or cause to be delivered Property against payment or other consideration or written receipt therefore in the following cases:
i.              for examination by a broker selling for the Account of the Fund in accordance with street delivery custom;
Transactions Requiring Instructions.
h.             Surrender, in connection with their exercise, warrants, rights or similar Securities, provided that in each case, the new Securities and cash, if any, are to be delivered to Wachovia;
Deliver Securities upon receipt of payment for any repurchase agreement the Fund enters into; and
Deliver Securities pursuant to any other proper corporate purpose, but only upon receipt of, in addition to Proper Instructions, a certified copy of a resolution of the Board of Trustees or of the Executive Committee signed by an officer of the Fund and certified by the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary, specifying the Securities to be delivered, setting forth the purpose for which the delivery is to be made, declaring the purpose to be a proper corporate purpose, and naming the person or persons to whom delivery of the Securities shall be made.
Promptly after any purchase of Securities for the account of the Fund, the Fund shall deliver to Wachovia (as custodian) Proper Instructions specifying for each purchase: (a) the name of the issuer and the title of the Securities, (b) the number of shares or the principal amount purchased and accrued interest, if any, (c) the dates of purchase and settlement, (d) the purchase price per unit, (e) the total amount payable upon the purchase, (f) the name of the person from whom or the broker through whom the purchase was made and (g) the Portfolio of the Fund for which the purchase was made.
Promptly after the sale of Securities held by the Fund, the Fund shall deliver to Wachovia (as Custodian) Proper Instructions, specifying for each sale: (a) the name of the issuer and the title of the security, (b) the number of shares or principal amount sold, and accrued
interest, if any, (c) the dates of sale and settlement, (d) the sale price per unit, (e) the total amount payable to the Fund upon sale, (f) the name of the broker through whom or the person to whom the sale was made and (g) the Portfolio of the Fund for which the sale was made.
Wachovia shall deliver the Securities upon receipt for the account of the Fund of the total amount payable to the Fund upon sale, provided that the same conforms to the total amount payable as set forth in Proper Instructions.
Upon reasonable request of the Fund, Wachovia shall provide copies of any books and records to the Fund or the Fund’s authorized representative at the Fund’s expense.
a.             Wachovia shall notify the Fund of any errors, omissions or interruptions in, or delay or unavailability of Wachovia’s ability to safeguard and hold Securities and cash in accordance with this Agreement as promptly as practicable, and proceed to correct the same as soon as is reasonably possible at no additional expense to the Fund.
Right to Receive Advice.
If the Board shall appoint a successor custodian, Wachovia shall, upon termination, deliver to the successor custodian at the office of the custodian, duly endorsed and in the form for transfer, all Securities it then holds under this Agreement and shall transfer to an account of the successor custodian all of the Fund’s Securities held in a Securities Depository, Book-Entry System, Eligible Securities Depository, or Eligible Foreign Custodian.
If the Fund does not deliver to Wachovia a written order designating a successor custodian or certified copy of a vote of the Board on or before the date when the termination shall become effective, Wachovia shall have the right to deliver to a bank or trust company, which is a “bank” as defined in the 1940 Act, doing business in New York, New York, of its own selection, having an aggregate capital, surplus, and undivided profits, as shown by its last published report, of not less than $25,000,000, all Securities, monies, and other Property Wachovia holds and all instruments Wachovia holds relative thereto and all other Property it holds under this Agreement and to transfer to an account of the successor custodian all of the Fund’s Securities held in any Securities Depository, Book-Entry System, Eligible Securities Depository, or Eligible Foreign Custodian.
Notices.
All notices and other communications (“Notice” or “Notices” in this Paragraph) hereunder shall be in writing and shall first be sent by telegram, cable, telex, or facsimile sending device, and thereafter by overnight mail for delivery on the next business day.
Notices shall be addressed (a) if to Wachovia, at Wachovia’s address, 123 S. Broad Street, PA4942, Philadelphia, PA 19109; (b) if to the Fund, at the address of the Fund; or (c) if to neither of the foregoing, at another address as shall have been notified to the sender of any such Notice or other communication.
If the location of the sender of a Notice and the address of the addressee thereof are, at the time of sending, more than 100 miles apart, the Notice may be sent by first-class mail, in which case it shall be deemed to have been given three days after it is sent, or if sent by confirming telegram, cable, telex or facsimile sending device, it shall be deemed to have been given immediately, and, if the location of the sender of a Notice and the address of the addressee thereof are, at the time of sending, not more than 100 miles apart, the Notice may be sent by first-class mail, in which case it shall be deemed to have been given two days after it is sent, of if sent by messenger, it shall be deemed to have been given on the day it is delivered, or if sent by confirming telegram, cable, telex or facsimile sending device, it shall be deemed to have been given immediately.
The sender shall pay all postage, cable, telegram, telex and facsimile sending device charges arising from the sending of a Notice.
In the event that the Fund establishes one or more portfolios of a Fund in addition to the Portfolios listed on Attachment C, for which it desires Wachovia to render services as custodian under the terms hereof, it shall so notify Wachovia in writing, and if the Custodian agrees in writing to provide these services, the portfolios shall become a Portfolio hereunder.
9.00
8.00
7.00
Date:
Date:
