Buyer desires to purchase from the Company, and the Company desires to issue and sell to the Buyer, upon the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement, a promissory note of the Company, in the aggregate principal amount of $150,000.00 (as the principal amount thereof may be increased pursuant to the terms thereof, and together with any note(s) issued in replacement thereof or as a dividend thereon or otherwise with respect thereto in accordance with the terms thereof, in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A, the “Note”), convertible into shares of common stock, $0.001 par value per share, of the Company (the “Common Stock”), upon the terms and subject to the limitations and conditions set forth in such Note;
C. The Buyer wishes to purchase, upon the terms and conditions stated in this Agreement, such principal amount of the Note as is set forth immediately below its name on the signature pages hereto;
D. The Company wishes to issue a common stock purchase warrant to purchase 3,200,000 shares of Common Stock (the “Warrant”) to the Buyer as additional consideration for the purchase of the Note, which shall be earned in full as of the Closing Date, as further provided herein.
Purchase and Sale of Note.
Purchase of Note.
Form of Payment.
On the Closing Date: (i) the Buyer shall pay the purchase price of $135,000.00 (the “Purchase Price”) for the Note, to be issued and sold to it at the Closing (as defined below), by wire transfer of immediately available funds to the Company, in accordance with the Company’s written wiring instructions, against delivery of the Note, and (ii) the Company shall deliver such duly executed Note and Warrant on behalf of the Company, to the Buyer, against delivery of such Purchase Price.
On the Closing, the Buyer shall withhold a non-accountable sum of $3,500.00 from the Purchase Price to cover the Buyer’s legal fees in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.
On the Closing, the Buyer shall pay $8,100.00 of the Purchase Price, on the Company’s behalf, to J. H. Darbie & Co., a registered broker-dealer, for the Company’s placement agent fees in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.
c. Closing Date.
d. Closing.
As of April 30, 2021, the authorized capital stock of the Company consists of: 2,000,000,000 authorized shares of Common Stock, of which 89,496,596 shares were issued and outstanding, and 5,000,000 authorized shares of preferred stock (of which 1,250,000 have been designated as 9% cumulative convertible preferred stock, 37,500 as Series B convertible preferred stock, 205,000 as Series A junior participating preferred stock, 1,700 as Series G convertible preferred stock), and 3,000 shares of Series H, Voting, Non-participating, Convertible Preferred Stock, of which 37,500 (consisting of 37,500 shares of Series B convertible preferred stock) were issued and outstanding.
d. Issuance of Conversion Shares and Warrant Shares.
Manipulation of Price.
The payments to which a holder shall be entitled pursuant to this Section 4(k) are referred to herein as “Public Information Failure Payments.” Public Information Failure Payments shall be paid on the earlier of (i) the last day of the calendar month during which such Public Information Failure Payments are incurred and (iii) the third business day after the event or failure giving rise to the Public Information Failure Payments is cured.
In the event the Company fails to make Public Information Failure Payments in a timely manner, such Public Information Failure Payments shall bear interest at the rate of 2% per month (prorated for partial months) until paid in full.
In addition to any other remedies provided by this Agreement or the related transaction documents, if the Company provides any material non-public information to the Buyer without their prior written consent, and it fails to immediately (no later than that business day) file a Form 8-K disclosing this material non-public information, it shall pay the Buyer as partial liquidated damages and not as a penalty a sum equal to $3,000 per day beginning with the day after the information is disclosed to the Buyer and ending and including the day the Form 8-K disclosing this information is filed.
Conditions to The Buyer’s Obligation to Purchase.
The obligation of the Buyer hereunder to purchase the Note, on the Closing Date, is subject to the satisfaction, at or before the Closing Date, of each of the following conditions, provided that these conditions are for the Buyer’s sole benefit and may be waived by the Buyer at any time in its sole discretion: a.
Governing Law; Venue.
c. Construction; Headings.
Payment Set Aside.
 SUBSCRIPTION AMOUNT:   GUARANTY The undersigned subsidiary of RESPIRERX PHARMACEUTICALS INC., a Delaware corporation (the “Company”), jointly and severally, absolutely, unconditionally and irrevocably, guarantees to Labrys Fund, LP, a Delaware limited partnership (the “Buyer”) and their respective successors, indorsees, transferees and assigns, the prompt and complete payment and performance by the Company when due (whether at the stated maturity, by acceleration or otherwise) of all amounts due under, and all other obligations under, the 10% promissory note in the principal amount of $150,000.00 issued by the Company to the Buyer on April 30, 2021.
NOTWITHSTANDING THE FOREGOING, THE SECURITIES MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT OR OTHER LOAN OR FINANCING ARRANGEMENT SECURED BY THE SECURITIES.”  PROMISSORY NOTE FOR VALUE RECEIVED, RESPIRERX PHARMACEUTICALS INC., a Delaware corporation (hereinafter called the “Borrower” or the “Company”) (Trading Symbol: RSPI), hereby promises to pay to the order of LABRYS FUND, LP, a Delaware limited partnership, or registered assigns (the “Holder”), in the form of lawful money of the United States of America, the principal sum of $150,000.00, which amount is the $135,000.00 actual amount of the purchase price (the “Consideration”) hereof plus an original issue discount in the amount of $15,000.00 (the “OID”) (subject to adjustment herein) (the “Principal Amount”) and to pay interest on the unpaid Principal Amount hereof at the rate of ten percent (10%) (the “Interest Rate”) per annum with interest calculated on the basis of a 365-day year (with the understanding that the first twelve months of interest (equal to $15,000.00) shall be guaranteed and earned in full as of the Issue Date) from the date hereof (the “Issue Date”) until the same becomes due and payable, whether at maturity or upon acceleration or by prepayment or otherwise, as further provided herein.
Any Principal Amount or interest on this Note which is not paid when due shall bear interest at the rate of the lesser of (i) twenty-four percent (24%) per annum and (ii) the maximum amount permitted by law from the due date thereof until the same is paid (“Default Interest”).
All payments due hereunder (to the extent not converted into shares of common stock, $0.001 par value per share, of the Borrower (the “Common Stock”) in accordance with the terms hereof) shall be made in lawful money of the United States of America.
All payments shall be made at such address as the Holder shall hereafter give to the Borrower by written notice made in accordance with the provisions of this Note.
 1.2 Conversion Price.
(a) Calculation of Conversion Price.
The per share conversion price into which Principal Amount and interest (including any Default Interest) under this Note shall be convertible into shares of Common Stock hereunder (the “Conversion Price”) shall equal $0.02.
If at any time the Conversion Price as determined hereunder for any conversion would be less than the par value of the Common Stock, then at the sole discretion of the Holder, the Conversion Price hereunder may equal such par value for such conversion and the Conversion Amount for such conversion may be increased to include Additional Principal, where “Additional Principal” means such additional amount to be added to the Conversion Amount to the extent necessary to cause the number of conversion shares issuable upon such conversion to equal the same number of conversion shares as would have been issued had the Conversion Price not been adjusted by the Holder to the par value price.
Holder shall be entitled to deduct $500.00 from the conversion amount in each Notice of Conversion to cover Holder’s fees associated with each Notice of Conversion.
The Borrower covenants that at all times until the Note is satisfied in full, the Borrower will reserve from its authorized and unissued Common Stock a sufficient number of shares, free from preemptive rights, to provide for the issuance of a number of Conversion Shares equal to the greater of: (a) 12,375,000 shares of Common Stock or (b) the sum of (i) the number of Conversion Shares issuable upon the full conversion of this Note (assuming no payment of Principal Amount or interest) as of any issue date (taking into consideration any adjustments to the Conversion Price pursuant to Section 2 hereof or otherwise) multiplied by (ii) one and a half (1.5) (the “Reserved Amount”).
(c) Payment of Taxes.
If the Company shall fail for any reason or for no reason to issue to the Holder on or prior to the Deadline a certificate for the number of Conversion Shares or to which the Holder is entitled hereunder and register such Conversion Shares on the Company’s share register or to credit the Holder’s balance account with DTC (as defined below) for such number of Conversion Shares to which the Holder is entitled upon the Holder’s conversion of this Note (a “Conversion Failure”), then, in addition to all other remedies available to the Holder, (i) the Company shall pay in cash to the Holder on each day after the Deadline and during such Conversion Failure an amount equal to 2.0% of the product of (A) the sum of the number of Conversion Shares not issued to the Holder on or prior to the Deadline and to which the Holder is entitled and (B) the closing sale price of the Common Stock on the Trading Day immediately preceding the last possible date which the Company could have issued such Conversion Shares to the Holder without violating this Section 1.4(d); and (ii) the Holder, upon written notice to the Company, may void its Notice of Conversion with respect to, and retain or have returned, as the case may be, any portion of this Note that has not been converted pursuant to such Notice of Conversion; provided that the voiding of a Notice of Conversion shall not affect the Company’s obligations to make any payments which have accrued prior to the date of such notice.
(d) Purchase Rights.
If the Borrower, at any time while this Note or any amounts due hereunder are outstanding, issues, sells or grants any option to purchase, or sells or grants any right to reprice, or otherwise disposes of, or issues (or announces any sale, grant or any option to purchase or other disposition), any Common Stock or other securities convertible into, exercisable for, or otherwise entitle any person or entity the right to acquire, shares of Common Stock (including, without limitation, upon conversion of this Note, and any convertible notes or warrants outstanding as of or following the Issue Date), in each or any case at an effective price per share that is lower than the then Conversion Price (such lower price, the “Base Conversion Price” and such issuances, collectively, a “Dilutive Issuance”) (it being agreed that if the holder of the Common Stock or other securities so issued shall at any time, whether by operation of purchase price adjustments, reset provisions, floating conversion, exercise or exchange prices or otherwise, or due to warrants, options or rights per share which are issued in connection with such issuance, be entitled to receive shares of Common Stock at an effective price per share that is lower than the Conversion Price, such issuance shall be deemed to have occurred for less than the Conversion Price on such date of the Dilutive Issuance), then the Conversion Price shall be reduced, at the option of the Holder, to a price equal to the Base Conversion Price.
By way of example, and for the avoidance of doubt, if the Company issues a convertible promissory note (including but not limited to a Variable Rate Transaction), and the holder of such convertible promissory note has the right to convert it into Common Stock at an effective price per share that is lower than the then Conversion Price (including but not limited to a conversion price with a discount that varies with the trading prices of or quotations for the Common Stock), then the Holder has the right to reduce the Conversion Price to such Base Conversion Price (including but not limited to a conversion price with a discount that varies with the trading prices of or quotations for the Common Stock) in perpetuity regardless of whether the holder of such convertible promissory note ever effectuated a conversion at the Base Conversion Price.
1.9 Prepayment.
At any time on or prior to the 180th calendar day after the Issue Date (the “Prepayment Period”), so long as an Event of Default has not occurred under this Note, the Borrower shall have the right, exercisable on three (3) Trading Days prior written notice to the Holder of the Note (for the avoidance of doubt, the last day that the Borrower may exercise its right to prepay shall be three (3) Trading Days prior to the 180th calendar day after the Issue Date), to prepay the outstanding Principal Amount and interest then due under this Note in accordance with this Section 1.9.
The Holder shall have the right, at all times prior to the actual receipt of the full prepayment amount on the Optional Prepayment Date, to instead convert all or any portion of the Note pursuant to the terms of this Note, including the amount of this Note to be prepaid by the Borrower in accordance with this Section 1.9.
On the Optional Prepayment Date, the Borrower shall make payment of the amounts designated below to or upon the order of the Holder as specified by the Holder in writing to the Borrower.
If the Borrower exercises its right to prepay the Note in accordance with this Section 1.9, the Borrower shall make payment to the Holder of an amount in cash equal to the sum of: (w) 115% multiplied by the Principal Amount then outstanding plus (x) 115% multiplied by the accrued and unpaid interest on the Principal Amount to the Optional Prepayment Date.
2.5 Sale of Assets.
So long as the Borrower shall have any obligation under this Note, the Borrower shall not, without the Holder’s written consent, lend money, give credit, make advances to or enter into any transaction with any person, firm, joint venture or corporation, including, without limitation, officers, directors, employees, subsidiaries and affiliates of the Borrower, except loans, credits or advances (a) in existence or committed or publicly stated as contemplated in SEC Documents on the Issue Date and which the Borrower has informed Holder in writing prior to the Issue Date, (b) in regard to transactions with unaffiliated third parties, made in the ordinary course of business or (c) in regard to transactions with unaffiliated third parties, not in excess of $250,000.00.
In the event that the Borrower does enter into, or makes any issuance of Common Stock related to a 3(a)(9) Transaction or a 3(a)(10) Transaction while this note is outstanding, a liquidated damages charge of 25% of the outstanding principal balance of this Note, but not less than $25,000.00, will be assessed and will become immediately due and payable to the Holder at its election in the form of a cash payment or added to the balance of this Note (under Holder’s and Borrower’s expectation that this amount will tack back to the Issue Date).
The Borrower fails to pay the Principal Amount hereof or interest thereon when due on this Note, whether at maturity, upon acceleration or otherwise, or fails to fully comply with Section 1.10 of this Note.
Any money judgment, writ or similar process shall be entered or filed against the Borrower or any subsidiary of the Borrower or any of its property or other assets for more than $500,000, and shall remain unvacated, unbonded or unstayed for a period of twenty (20) days unless otherwise consented to by the Holder, which consent will not be unreasonably withheld.
3.11 Maintenance of Assets.
The Borrower consummates a Variable Rate Transaction at any time on or after the Issue Date.
Upon the occurrence of any Event of Default specified in this Article III, this Note shall become immediately due and payable, and the Borrower shall pay to the Holder, in full satisfaction of its obligations hereunder, the greater of (i) an amount equal to the Principal Amount then outstanding plus accrued interest (including any Default Interest) through the date of full repayment multiplied by 125% (collectively the “Default Amount”) or (ii) the “parity value” of the Default Amount, where parity value means (a) the highest number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of such Default Amount in accordance with the terms of this Note (without giving effect to any beneficial ownership limitations contained in this Note), treating the date that the respective Event of Default occurs as the “Conversion Date” for purposes of determining the Conversion Price, multiplied by (b) the volume weighted average price for the Common Stock on the date that the respective Event of Default occurs (the “Default Parity Amount”), plus, in each such case, all costs, including, without limitation, legal fees and expenses, of collection, all without demand, presentment or notice, all of which hereby are expressly waived by the Borrower.
4.5 Cost of Collection.
4.6 Governing Law; Venue; Attorney’s Fees.
Whenever pursuant to this Note the Borrower is required to pay an amount in excess of the outstanding Principal Amount (or the portion thereof required to be paid at that time) plus accrued and unpaid interest plus Default Interest on such interest, the Borrower and the Holder agree that the actual damages to the Holder from the receipt of cash payment on this Note may be difficult to determine and the amount to be so paid by the Borrower represents stipulated damages and not a penalty and is intended to compensate the Holder in part for loss of the opportunity to convert this Note and to earn a return from the sale of shares of Common Stock acquired upon conversion of this Note at a price in excess of the price paid for such shares pursuant to this Note.
4.8 Purchase Agreement.
4.11 Construction; Headings.
4.14 Terms of Future Financings.
No fee will be charged to the Holder for any conversion, except for transfer taxes, if any.
f. “Purchase Amount” means the Purchase Price, as such term is defined in the Securities Purchase Agreement.
If the Registration Statement covering the Piggy-Back Registrable Securities to be filed by the Company pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof has become effective, and, thereafter, the Holder’s right to sell is suspended, for any reason, then the Company shall pay the Holder the sum of one percent (1%) of the Purchase Amount plus interest and penalties due to the Holder under the Note for each thirty (30) calendar day period, pro rata, compounded annually, following the suspension, until such suspension ceases (the “Suspension Damages”).
The Suspension Damages shall be paid, at the Holder’s option, in cash or shares of the Company’s common stock, par value $0.001, priced at the Conversion Price (as defined in the Note), or portion thereof.
The Holder may choose to make this refund by reducing the amount that the Company owes under this Agreement or by making a direct payment to the Company.
If a refund reduces the amount that the Company owes the Holder, the reduction will be treated as a partial payment.
