APERGY CORPORATION
The Notes will be issued pursuant to an Indenture to be dated as of May 3, 2018 (the “Initial Indenture”), between the Company and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as trustee (the “Trustee”).
In connection with the Spin-off, the Company and the Guarantors intend to enter into a $250.0 million senior secured revolving credit facility (the “Revolving Credit Facility”) and a $415.0 million senior secured term loan facility (the “Term Loan Facility” and, together with the Revolving Credit Facility, the “Credit Facilities”) pursuant to a credit agreement (the “Credit Agreement”), among the Company, the Guarantors, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent, and the other financial institutions party thereto.
Agreement (such release, the “Escrow Release”; the date of the Escrow Release, the “Escrow Release Date”).
Bancorp Investments, Inc.c/o J.P. Morgan Securities LLC383 Madison AvenueNew York, New York 10179As Representative of the several Initial PurchasersRe: Apergy CorporationLadies and Gentlemen:We have acted as counsel to Apergy Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the “Company”), in connection with (i) the Purchase Agreement, dated as of April 19, 2018 (the “Purchase Agreement”), by and between the Company and J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, as representative of the initial purchasers (the “Initial Purchasers”) named in Schedule 1 to the Purchase Agreement, and (ii) the sale by the Company, and the purchase by the Initial Purchasers, severally, of $300,000,000 aggregate principal amount of the Company’s 6.375% Senior Notes due 2026 (the “Notes”) pursuant to the Purchase Agreement.
The Notes are to be issued under an Indenture, dated as of May 3, 2018 (the “Indenture”) by and between the Company and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as trustee (the “Trustee”).
In connection with the issuance and sale of the Notes, the Company and J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, for itself and on behalf of the Initial Purchasers, have entered into a Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of May 3, 2018 (the “Registration Rights Agreement”).
Also in connection with the issuance and sale of the Notes, the Company and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as escrow agent (the “Escrow Agent”), are entering into an escrow agreement, dated as of May 3, 2018 (the “Escrow Agreement”).
May [•], 2018J.P.
Bancorp Investments, Inc.c/o J.P. Morgan Securities LLC383 Madison AvenueNew York, New York 10179As Representative of the several Initial PurchasersRe: Apergy CorporationLadies and Gentlemen:We have acted as counsel to Apergy Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the “Company”), in connection with (i) the Purchase Agreement, dated as of April 19, 2018 (the “Original Purchase Agreement”), by and between the Company and J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, as representative of the initial purchasers (the “Initial Purchasers”) named in Schedule 1 to the Original Purchase Agreement, and (ii) the sale by the Company, and the purchase by the Initial Purchasers, severally, of $300,000,000 aggregate principal amount of the Company’s 6.375% Senior Notes due 2026 (the “Notes”) pursuant to the Original Purchase Agreement.
The Notes were issued under an Indenture, dated as of May 3, 2018 (the “Original Indenture”) by and between the Company and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as trustee (the “Trustee”).
In connection with the issuance and sale of the Notes, the Company and J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, for itself and on behalf of the Initial Purchasers, entered into a Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of May 3, 2018 (the “Original Registration Rights Agreement”).
Also in connection with the issuance and sale of the Notes, the Company, and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as escrow agent (the “Escrow Agent”), entered into an escrow agreement, dated as of May 3, 2018 (the “Escrow Agreement”).Following the consummation of the Spin-Off (as defined in the Purchase Agreement), on the date hereof, (i) the Company, each of the direct and indirect subsidiaries of the Company listed on Schedule I hereto (the “Guarantors”) and the Trustee executed and delivered the Supplemental Indenture to the Original Indenture (the “Supplemental Indenture” and, together with the Original Indenture, the “Indenture”), pursuant to which each Guarantor became a guarantor with respect to the Notes (the “Guarantees” and, together with the Notes, the “Securities”); (ii) each of the Guarantors executed and delivered a joinder agreement to the Annex D-2-2
DRAFT SUBJECT TO FURTHER REVISION AND COMPLETION OF DUE DILIGENCEMay [     ], 2018J.P.
Bancorp Investments, Inc.c/o J.P. Morgan Securities LLCas Representative of the Initial Purchasersunder the Purchase Agreement (defined below)383 Madison AvenueNew York, New York 10179 Ladies and Gentlemen:We have acted as local Oklahoma counsel to Apergy Artificial Lift Systems, LLC, an Oklahoma limited liability company (“ALS”) and UPCO, Inc., an Oklahoma corporation (“UPCO” and together with ALS, each an “Oklahoma Guarantor” and together, the “Oklahoma Guarantors”), in connection with their respective execution and delivery of the documents listed in Schedule I hereto (the “Opinion Documents” and the guarantee by each Oklahoma Guarantor of the Notes (the “Guarantees’).
(i) the Opinion Documents;(ii) the Indenture dated as of [     ], 2018 (the “Initial Indenture”), by and between Apergy and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as trustee;(iii) the Registration Rights Agreement dated as of [     ], 2018 (the “Original Registration Rights Agreement”), by and between Apergy and J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, as representative of the initial purchasers;(iv) the Original Purchase Agreement;(v) the Time of Sale Information;(vi) the Offering Memorandum;(vii) the Officer’s Opinion Certificate with respect to the Oklahoma Guarantors, dated April [     ], 2018 (the “Opinion Certificate”);(viii) copies of the Articles of Organization and the Certificate of Limited Liability Company (and any amendments thereto) for ALS, as certified by the office of the Oklahoma Secretary of State (the “OK SOS Office”) on April [ ], 2018;(ix) the Operating Agreement dated as of [                 ] (and any amendments thereto) for ALS (together with the Articles of Organization and the Certificate of Limited Liability Company, the “ALS Organizational Documents”);(x) copies of the Articles of Incorporation and the Certificate of Incorporation (and any amendments thereto) for UPCO, each as certified by the OK SOS Office on April [     ], 2018;(xi) the Bylaws of UPCO dated as of [             ] (and any amendments thereto) (together with the Articles of Incorporation and the Certificate of Incorporation, the “UPCO Organizational Documents” and together with the ALS Organizational Documents, the “Organizational Documents”);(xii) the Certificate of Good Standing dated April [     ], 2018 from the OK SOS Office for ALS (the “ALS Good Standing Certificate”);(xiii) the Certificate of Good Standing dated April [     ], 2018 from the OK SOS Office for UPCO (the “UPCO Good Standing Certificate” and together with the ALS Good Standing Certificate, the “Good Standing Certificates”);(xiv) the Resolutions of [the members] [the manager] of ALS dated April [     ], 2018 (the “ALS Resolutions”), authorizing ALS to execute and deliver the Opinion Documents to which it is a party, issue the Guarantee and take whatever other action is necessary on its part to consummate the Notes Transaction; and(xv) Resolutions by the Board of Directors of UPCO dated April [     ], 2018 (the “UPCO Resolutions” and together with the ALS Resolutions, the “Resolutions”), authorizing UPCO to execute and deliver the Opinion Documents to which it is a party, issue the Guarantee and take whatever other action is necessary on its part to consummate the Notes Transaction.
SCHEDULE IOPINION DOCUMENTS    Annex D-3-9
EXHIBIT AFORM OF JOINDER AGREEMENT[     ], 2018J.P.
MORGAN SECURITIES LLC (the “Representative”)As Representative of the several Purchasersc/o J.P. Morgan Securities LLC383 Madison AvenueNew York, New York 10179Ladies and Gentlemen:Reference is made to the Purchase Agreement (the “Purchase Agreement”) dated April 19, 2018 initially among Apergy Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the “Company”), and the several initial purchasers named in Schedule 1 thereto (the “Purchasers”), concerning the purchase of the Securities (as defined in the Purchase Agreement) from Company by the Purchasers.
REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENTThis REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT dated May 3, 2018 (this “Agreement”) is entered into by and between Apergy Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the “Company”), and J.P. Morgan Securities LLC (“J.P.
APERGY CORPORATIONBy: Title:
Bancorp Investments, Inc.
