WITNESSETH:
(ii) “Certificates” means certificates representing the Conversion Shares issuable hereunder, each duly executed on behalf of the Company and issued hereunder.
(xx)  “Transaction Documents” means, collectively, this Agreement, the Debentures, the Transfer Agent Instruction Letter, the Irrevocable Resolutions and the other agreements, documents and instruments contemplated hereby or thereby.
(xxii)  “Transfer Agent Instruction Letter” shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 5(a).
e. Information.
has also had the opportunity to obtain and to review the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015, and Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarters ended March 31, 2016, June 30, 2016, and September 30, 2016 (collectively, the “SEC Documents”).
f. Investment Risk.
g. Governmental Review.
Attached hereto as Schedule 3(b) is an organizational chart describing all of the Company’s wholly-owned and majority-owned subsidiaries (the “Subsidiaries”) and other Affiliates, including the relationships among the Company and such Subsidiaries, including as to each Subsidiary its jurisdiction of organization and the percentage of ownership held by the Company, and the parent company of the Subsidiary, including the percentage of ownership of the Company held by it.
c. Authorized Shares.
g. SEC Filings; Rule 144 Status.
8
s. Independent Public Accountants.
t. Internal Accounting Controls.
u.Brokers.
Transfer Restrictions.
The Buyer acknowledges and agrees that the Debentures, and, until such time as the Shares have been registered under the 1933 Act as contemplated hereby and sold in accordance with an effective Registration Statement, certificates and other instruments representing any of the Securities shall bear a restrictive legend in substantially the following form (and a stop-transfer order may be placed against transfer of any such Securities):
c.   Piggy-Back Registration Rights.
From and after the Signing Closing Date and until six (6) months after the Signing Closing Date, if the Company contemplates making an offering of Common Stock (or other equity securities convertible into or exchangeable for Common Stock) registered for sale under the Securities Act or proposes to file a Registration Statement covering any of its securities (except with respect to any Registration Statement filed pursuant to an equity purchase agreement with Buyer), the Company shall at each such time give prompt written notice to Buyer of its intention to do so and of the registration rights granted under this Agreement.
d. Securities Filings.
e. Reporting Status; Public Trading Market; DTC Eligibility.
If, so long as the Buyer beneficially own any of the Securities, the Company receives any written notice from the OTCM, FINRA, or the SEC with respect to either any alleged deficiency in the Company’s compliance with applicable rules and regulations (including without limitation any comments from the SEC on any of the Company’s documents filed (or the failure to have made any such filing) under the 1933 Act or the Exchange Act) (each, a “Regulatory Notice”), then the Company shall promptly, and in any event within two (2) business days, provide copies of the Regulatory Notice to the Buyer, and shall promptly, and in any event within five (5) business days of receipt of the Regulatory Notice (a “Regulatory
Response”), respond in writing to the OTCM, FIRNA and/or SEC (as the case may be), setting forth the Company’s explanation and/or response to the issues raised in the Regulatory Notice, with a view towards maintaining and/or regaining full compliance with the applicable rules and regulations of the OTCM, FIRNA and/or SEC and maintaining or regaining good standing of the Company with the OTCM, FINRA and/or SEC, as the case may be, the intent being to ensure that the Company maintain its reporting company status with the SEC and that its Common Stock be and remain available for trading on the OTCP, OTCQB, or OTCQX.
14
The Company shall provide the Transfer Agent and/or the Buyer, Investments or their respective brokerage and/or clearing firm with all relevant legal opinions and other documentation requested by the Buyer in connection with the issuance of the Conversion Shares, or the sale thereof, to confirm the share issuance(s) such that the Conversion Shares and/or Restricted Stock may be deposited with the applicable brokerage and/or clearing firm.j.
The Company shall notify the Buyer (and any subsequent holder of the Debentures), as soon as practicable and in no event later than three (3) business days of the Company’s knowledge of any Material Adverse Effect on the Company.
Transfer Agent Instruction Letter.
16
The Company shall continuously monitor its compliance with the share reservation requirements and, if and to the extent necessary to increase the number of reserved shares to remain and be at least Five Hundred percent (500%) of the Conversion Amount to account for any decrease in the Market Price of the Common Stock, the Company shall immediately (and in any event within two (2) business days) notify the Transfer Agent in writing of the reservation of such additional shares, provided that in the event that the number of shares reserved for conversion of the Debentures is less than Five Hundred percent (500%) of the Conversion Amount, the Buyer may also directly instruct the Transfer Agent to increase the reserved shares as necessary to satisfy the minimum reserved share requirement, and the Transfer Agent shall act accordingly, provided, further, that the Company shall within two (2) business days provide any written confirmation, assent or documentation thereof as the Transfer Agent may request to act upon a share increase instruction delivered by the Buyer.
The Company shall provide the Buyer with a copy of all written instructions to the Company’s Transfer Agent with respect to the reservation of shares simultaneously with the issuance of such instructions to the Transfer Agent.
(i) The Company shall permit the Buyer to exercise the right to convert the Debentures by faxing, emailing or delivering overnight an executed and completed Notice of Conversion to the Company or the Transfer Agent.
(i) The term “Conversion Date” means, with respect to any conversion elected by the holder of the Debentures, the date specified in the Notice of Conversion, provided the copy of the Notice of Conversion is given either via mail or facsimile to or otherwise delivered to the
17
Transfer Agent and/or the Company in accordance with the provisions hereof so that it is received by the Transfer Agent and/or the Company on or before such specified date.
(i) The Company shall deliver (or will cause the Transfer Agent to deliver) the Conversion Shares issuable upon conversion as follows:  (1) if the Company is then DWAC Operational, via DWAC, (2) if the Common Stock is then eligible for the Depository Trust Company’s Direct Registration System (“DRS”), if so requested by the Buyer, or (3) if the Company is not then DWAC Operational or the Common Stock is not then eligible for DRS, in certificated form, to the Buyer at the address specified in the Notice of Conversion (which may be the Buyer’s address for notices as contemplated by Section 10 hereof or a different address) via express courier, in each case within two (2) business days (the “Delivery Date”) after (A) the business day on which the Company or the Transfer Agent has received the Notice of Conversion (by facsimile, email or other delivery) or (B) the date on which payment of interest and principal on the Debentures, which the Company has elected to pay by the issuance of Common Stock, as contemplated by the Debentures, was due, as the case may be.
The Company’s failure to issue and deliver Conversion Shares to the Buyer (either by DWAC, DRS or in certificated form, as required by Section 5(b)) on or before the Delivery Date shall be considered an Event of Default, which shall entitle the Buyer to certain remedies set forth in the Debentures and provided by applicable law.
Similarly, the Company’s failure to issue and deliver Common Stock in unrestricted form without a restrictive legend when required under the Transaction Documents shall entitle the Buyer to damages for the diminution in value (if any) of the relevant shares between the date delivery was due versus the date ultimately delivered in unrestricted form.
The Company shall inform the Transfer Agent of the reservation of shares contemplated by Section 4(g) and this Section 5, and shall keep current in its payment obligations to the Transfer Agent such that the Transfer Agent will continue to process share transfers and the initial issuance of shares of Common Stock upon the conversion of Debentures.
18
Promptly upon the execution and delivery of this Agreement, the Signing Debenture, and all conditions in Sections 7 and 8 herein are met (the “Signing Closing Date”), (A) the Company shall deliver to the Buyer the following: (i) the Signing Debenture; (ii) the Transfer Agent Instruction Letter; (iii) duly executed counterparts of the Transaction Documents; and (iv) an officer’s certificate of the Company confirming the accuracy of the Company’s representations and warranties contained herein, and (B) the Buyer shall deliver to the Company the following:  (i) the Signing Purchase Price and (ii) duly executed counterparts of the Transaction Documents (as applicable).
At any time sixty one (61) to ninety (90) days following the Signing Closing Date, subject to the mutual agreement of the Buyer and the Company, for the “Second Closing Date” and subject to satisfaction of the conditions set forth in Sections 7 and 8, (A) the Company shall deliver to the Buyer the following: (i) the Second Debenture; (ii) an amendment to the Transfer Agent Instruction Letter instructing the Transfer Agent to reserve that number of shares of Common Stock as is required under Section 4(g) hereof, if necessary; and (iii) an officer’s certificate of the Company confirming, as of the Second Closing Date, the accuracy of the Company’s representations and warranties contained herein and updating Schedules 3(b), 3(c) and 3(k) as of the Second Closing Date, and (B) the Buyer shall deliver to the Company the Second Purchase Price.
At any time sixty one (61) to ninety (90) days following the Second Closing Date, subject to the mutual agreement of the Buyer and the Company, for the “Third Closing Date” and subject to satisfaction of the conditions set forth in Sections 7 and 8, (A) the Company shall deliver to the Buyer the following: (i) the Third Debenture; (ii) an amendment to the Transfer Agent Instruction Letter instructing the Transfer Agent to reserve that number of shares of Common Stock as is required under Section 4(g) hereof, if necessary; and (iii) an officer’s certificate of the Company confirming, as of the Third Closing Date, the accuracy of the Company’s representations and warranties contained herein and updating Schedules 3(b), 3(c) and 3(k) as of the Third Closing Date, and (B) the Buyer shall deliver to the Company the Third Purchase Price.
Delivery to the Company of good funds as payment in full of the respective Purchase Price for the Debentures at each Closing in accordance with this Agreement;
c. Laws and Regulations; Consents and Approvals.
Transaction Documents.
Delivery by the Company to the Buyer of the Debentures to be purchased in accordance with this Agreement;
g. Legal Proceedings.
Delivery by the Company to the Buyer a copy of resolutions of the Company’s board of directors, approving and authorizing the execution, delivery and performance of the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated thereby in the form attached hereto as Exhibit C (the “Irrevocable Resolutions”);
j. Officer’s Certificate.
Delivery by the Company to the Buyer of a certificate of the Chief Executive Officer of the Company in the form attached hereto as Exhibit D;
k. Search Results.
Delivery by the Company to the Buyer of copies of UCC search reports, issued by the Secretary of State of the state of incorporation of the Company and each Subsidiary, dated such a date as is reasonably acceptable to Buyer, listing all effective financing statements which name the Company or Subsidiary (as applicable), under its present name and any previous names, as debtor, together with copies of such financing statements;l. Certificate of Good Standing.
Delivery by the Company to the Buyer of a copy of a certificate of good standing with respect to the Company, issued by the Secretary of State of the state of incorporation of the Company, dated such a date as is reasonably acceptable to Buyer, evidencing the good standing thereof;
f. Facsimiles; E-mails.
h. Headings.
m. Further Assurances.
Each party shall do and perform, or cause to be done and performed, all such further acts and things, and shall execute and deliver all such other agreements, certificates, instruments and documents, as the other party may reasonably request in order to carry out the intent and accomplish the purposes of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby.
Any notice required or permitted hereunder shall be given in writing (unless otherwise specified herein) and shall be deemed effectively given on the earliest of:
a. the date delivered, if delivered by personal delivery as against written receipt therefor or by confirmed facsimile or email transmission,
b. the third (3rd) business day after deposit, postage prepaid, in the United States Postal Service by registered or certified mail, or
FedEx, UPS, DHL, US Postal Service) for delivery by next-day express courier, with delivery costs and fees prepaid,
in each case, addressed to each of the other parties thereunto entitled at the following addresses (or at such other addresses as such party may designate by ten (10) days’ advance written notice similarly given to each of the other parties hereto):
With copies to (which shall not constitute notice):
_____________________________________________________________________________________________Attention:  ______________________Email:  _________________________
With copies to (which shall not constitute notice):
Treasury Stock
FORM OF DEBENTURE
In the event of any proposed transfer of this Debenture, the Company may require, prior to issuance of a new Debenture in the name of such other Person, that it receive reasonable transfer documentation including legal opinions that the issuance of the Debenture in such other name does not and will not cause a violation of the Securities Act or any
Conversion shall be effectuated by delivering by facsimile, email or other delivery method to the Transfer Agent of the completed form of conversion notice attached hereto as Annex A (the “Notice of Conversion”), executed by the Holder of the Debenture evidencing such Holder's intention to convert this Debenture or a specified portion hereof.
The Holder may, at its election, deliver a Notice of Conversion to either the Company or the Transfer Agent.
The date on which notice of conversion is given (the “Conversion Date”) shall be deemed to be the date on which the Company or the Transfer Agent, as the case may be, receives by fax, email or other means of delivery used
by the Holder the Notice of Conversion (such receipt being evidenced by electronic confirmation of delivery by facsimile or email or confirmation of delivery by such other delivery method used by the Holder).
Delivery of a Notice of Conversion to the Transfer Agent may be given by the Holder by facsimile at 800-785-7782, by email to info@pacificstocktransfer.com or by delivery to the Transfer Agent at the address set forth in the Transfer Agent Instruction Letter (or such other contact facsimile number, email or street address as may be designated by the Transfer Agent to the Holder).
Delivery of a Notice of Conversion to the Company shall be given by the Holder pursuant to the notice provisions set forth in Section 10 of the Agreement.
The Conversion Shares must be delivered to the Holder within three (3) business days from the date of delivery of the Notice of Conversion to the Transfer Agent or Company, as the case may be.
Conversion shares shall be delivered by DWAC so long as the Company is then DWAC Operational, unless the Holder expressly requests delivery in certificated form or the Conversion Shares are in the form of Restricted Stock and are required to bear a restrictive legended.
Conversion Shares shall be deemed delivered (i) if delivered by DWAC, upon deposit into the Holder’s brokerage account, or (ii) if delivered in certificated form, upon the Holder’s actual receipt of the Conversion Shares in certificated form at the address specified by the Holder in the Notice of Conversion, as confirmed by written receipt.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, unless the Holder delivers to the Company written notice at least sixty-one (61) days prior to the effective date of such notice that the provisions of this paragraph (the “Limitation on Ownership”) shall not apply to such Holder, in no event shall a holder of Debentures have the right to convert Debentures into, nor shall the Company issue to such Holder, shares of Common Stock to the extent that such conversion would result in the Holder and its affiliates together beneficially owning more than 4.99% of the then issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock.
4.a statement instructing the Holders to surrender their Debentures for redemption and payment of the Redemption Price, including the name and address of the Company or, if applicable, the paying agent of the Company, where Debentures are to be surrendered for redemption;
5.a statement advising the Holders that the Debentures (or, in the case of a partial redemption, that portion of the Principal Amount being called for redemption) as of the Redemption Date will cease to be convertible into Common Stock as of the Redemption Date; and
Unless demand has otherwise been made by the Holder in writing for payment in cash as provided hereunder, and so long as no Event of Default shall exist (whether or not notice thereof has been delivered by the Holder to the Company), any Debentures not previously tendered to the Company for conversion as of the Maturity Date shall be deemed to have been surrendered for conversion, without further action of any kind by the Company or any of its agents, employees or representatives, as of the Maturity Date at the Conversion Price applicable on the Maturity Date (“Mandatory Conversion”).
In the event of any (i) proposed merger or consolidation where the Company is not the surviving entity or (ii) sale or transfer of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company (in either such case, a “Sale”), the Holder shall have the right to convert by delivering a Notice of Conversion to the Company within fifteen (15) days of receipt of notice of such Sale from the Company.
All payments of cash and each delivery of shares of Common Stock issuable to the Holder as contemplated hereby shall be made to the Holder to an account designated by the Holder to the Company and if the Holder has not designated any such accounts at the address last appearing on the Debenture Register of the Company as designated in writing by the Holder from time to time; except that the Holder may designate, by notice to the Company, a different delivery address for any one or more specific payments or deliveries.
e. The Company shall (1) admit in writing its inability to pay its debts generally as they mature; (2) make an assignment for the benefit of creditors or commence proceedings for its dissolution; or (3) apply for or consent to the appointment of a trustee, liquidator or receiver for its or for a substantial part of its property or business (as to which no cure period shall apply); or
Then, or at any time thereafter, the Company shall immediately give written notice of the occurrence of such Event of Default to the Holders of all Debentures then outstanding, and in each and every such case, unless such Event of Default shall have been waived in writing by a majority in interest of the Holders of the Debentures (which waiver shall not be deemed to be a waiver of any subsequent default), then at the option of a majority in interest of the Holders and in the discretion of a majority in interest of the Holders, take any or all of the following actions:  (i) pursue remedies against the Company in accordance with any of the Holder’s rights, (ii) increase the interest rate applicable to the Debentures to the lesser of eighteen percent (18%) per annum and the maximum interest rate allowable under applicable law, (iii) in the case of an Event of Default under Section 10(e)(ii)(1) based on the Company’s failure to be DWAC Operational, increase the Principal Amount to an amount equal to one hundred five percent (105%) of the then-outstanding Principal Amount, (iv) in the case of an Event of Default under Section 10(d)(i), increase the Principal Amount to an amount equal to one hundred ten percent (110%) of the then-outstanding Principal Amount, (v) in the case of an Event of Default under Section 10(d)(i) through (v), increase the Principal Amount of the relevant Holder’s Debenture by One Thousand Dollars and 00/100 ($1,000.00) for each day the related failure continues, (vi) in the case of an Event of Default under Section 10(d)(ii) through (v) arising from an untimely delivery to the Holder of Conversion Shares or shares of Common Stock in de-legended form, if the closing bid price of the Common Stock on the Trading Day immediately prior to the actual date of delivery of Conversion Shares or de-legended shares, as the case may be, is less than the closing bid price on the Trading Day immediately prior to the date when Conversion Shares or de-legended shares were required to be delivered, increase the Principal Amount of the relevant Holder’s Debenture by an amount per share equal to such difference, and (vii) following the expiration of the applicable grace period (if any), at the option and discretion of the Holder, accelerate the full indebtedness under this Debenture, in an amount equal to one hundred forty percent (140%) of the outstanding Principal Amount and accrued and unpaid interest (the “Acceleration Amount”), whereupon the Acceleration Amount shall be immediately due and payable, without presentment, demand, protest or notice of any kinds, all of which are hereby expressly waived, anything contained herein, in the Securities Purchase Agreement or in any other note or instruments to the contrary notwithstanding.
Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, in the event the Transfer Agent is not required to transfer any Common Stock, issue Conversion Shares or de-legended shares of Restricted Stock pursuant to the Transfer Agent Instruction Letter, this shall not operate as an excuse, extension or waiver of the Company’s obligation to issue and deliver Conversion Shares or de-legended Restricted Stock.
The Company shall give written notice to the Holder, with the adjusted Conversion Price and/or adjusted look back period (each adjustment that is applicable due to the triggering event), within one (1) business day of an event that requires any adjustment described in this section.
[Signature Page to Convertible Debenture]
Pacific Stock Transfer Co.6725 Via Austi Parkway, Suite 300Las Vegas, NV 89119
A copy of the form of the Debentures is attached hereto.
request of the Investor without any further action or confirmation by the Company, in which case the issuance shall be deducted against the reserve or, if there are not enough shares held in reserve, from available authorized shares of the Company, either (i) electronically by crediting the account of the Investor’s broker with the Depository Trust Company through its Deposit Withdrawal Agent Commission system, provided that the Company has been made FAST/DRS eligible by DTCC (DWAC), or (ii) if requested by the Investor or if a legal opinion is not provided to the Transfer Agent as described below, in certificated form without any legend which would restrict the transfer of the shares, and you should remove all stop-transfer instructions relating to such shares: (A) upon your receipt from the Investor dated within two (2) business days from the date of the issuance or transfer request, of: (i) a notice of conversion ("Notice of Conversion") executed by the Investor; and (ii) an opinion of counsel of the Investor or the Company, in form, substance and scope customary for opinions of counsel in comparable transactions (and reasonably satisfactory to the Transfer Agent), to the effect that the shares of Common Stock of the Company issued to the Investor pursuant to the Notice of Conversion are not "restricted securities" as defined in Rule 144 and should be issued to the Investor without any restrictive legend; and (B) the number of shares to be issued is less than 4.99% of the total issued Common Stock of the Company.
You will issue the Common Stock upon conversion within three (3) business days of receipt of a Conversion Notice and any other documents and information you reasonably request.
The Company hereby irrevocably appoints the Investor as its attorney-in-fact for purposes of executing and delivering, in the Company’s name, any documentation or confirmation that the transfer agent may request in connection with the reservation of shares or the issuance of Common Stock upon conversion as contemplated hereby.
If the Company informs you that there is a court order stopping issuances, then the Company agrees to provide Pacific Stock Transfer Co. with a copy of such court order immediately, and a legal opinion from counsel within three (3) business days addressing the matter
The Transfer Agent also agrees that if the Company requests the Transfer Agent provide records pertaining to the register of Common Stock to any third party in what the Transfer Agent has reason to believe is in contemplation of replacing the Transfer Agent with another party, then the Transfer Agent shall notify the Investor within two (2) business days of the Transfer Agent’s receipt of such request.
the Company shall propose to the Investor a suitable replacement transfer agent and obtain the Investor’s written consent to the replacement of the Transfer Agent at least ten (10) days prior to the proposed effective date of the transition to the replacement transfer agent.
The Transfer Agent shall not transfer any records or documentation pertaining to the Common Stock to any purported successor transfer agent without the Investor’s prior written consent.
PACIFIC STOCK TRANSFER CO.
RESOLVED, that any executive officer of the Corporation be, and hereby is, authorized, empowered and directed, from time to time, to take such additional action and to execute, certify and deliver to the transfer agent of the Corporation, as any appropriate or proper to implement the provisions of the foregoing resolutions; and
(see attached)
(see attached)
