1.
2.
Term.
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date (as defined below) and shall expire on the twenty-four (24) month anniversary of the Effective Date (the “Initial Term”), unless terminated earlier pursuant to the provisions of Section 8 hereof.
The term of employment shall be renewed automatically for successive periods of one (1) year (each, a “Renewal Term”) after the expiration of the Initial Term, unless the Company provides Employee, or Employee provides the Company, with written notice to the contrary at least one hundred twenty (120) calendar days prior to the end of the Initial Term or any Renewal Term.
For the avoidance of doubt, this Agreement shall remain in effect during the Renewal Term unless terminated earlier pursuant to the provisions of Section 8 hereof.
3.
a.
1   b.
4.
a.
Generally.
2  b.
3  e. Clawback.
5.
a.
Benefits.
Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, the Company reserves the right to adopt, amend or terminate any benefit plan, program or arrangement.
b.
Any unused vacation will not be paid upon termination of employment, except to the extent required by applicable law.
7.
4  8.
Termination.
a.
Death.
Employee’s employment shall terminate on the date of Employee’s death.
b.
Disability.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, Employee’s employment shall terminate on the date specified in a written notice from the Company terminating Employee’s employment due to Disability during the Term or, in the event no date is specified in such notice, on the date on which such notice is delivered to Employee or Employee’s legal representative.
In the event of the termination of Employee’s employment due to Disability, the Company shall: (i) Pay Employee’s earned but unpaid Base Salary as of the date of Employee’s termination; (ii) Pay any unpaid Annual Bonus for the year prior to the date of Employee’s termination, based on the actual performance of the Company (or the Company Group, as applicable) for that year, payable fully in cash (rather than any otherwise applicable cash/equity mix) at the same time as such amounts are paid to continuing Management employees;
5  (iii) Pay a pro-rated amount of any Annual Bonus for the year of termination, based on actual performance of the Company (or the Company Group, as applicable) for the year in which termination occurs, with any individual performance criteria deemed to be met at the same level as Company performance, and paid fully in cash (rather than any otherwise applicable cash/equity mix) and at the same time as such amounts are paid to continuing Management employees for the year; and (iv) Fully accelerate vesting of any outstanding RSU awards as of the date of termination.
In addition, the Company will pay the full cost of COBRA coverage for Employee and/or Employee’s qualified beneficiaries, to the extent Employee elects such COBRA coverage, for a period of up to one (1) year following Employee’s termination on account of Disability.
c. Termination by the Company for Cause.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company may terminate Employee’s employment under this Agreement at any time for Cause.
“Cause” shall mean: (i) fraud against the Company Group, which causes material harm to any member of the Company Group; (ii) willful failure or any willful refusal to implement or undertake the lawful directives of the Board or such other supervisor as may be assigned by the Company Group when such directives are materially consistent with Employee’s duties under this Agreement; (iii) engaging in willful conduct (other than at the direction of the Company) that causes material injury, monetary or otherwise, to any member of the Company Group, or that reflects adversely on any member of the Company Group, or that materially affects Employee’s ability to perform Employee’s duties; (iv) conviction of, or the entering of a plea of guilty or nolo contendere, by Employee to a financial crime that constitutes a felony (or any state-law equivalent) or involves moral turpitude; (v) the entry of any order or consent decree, whether or not liability is admitted or denied, by the Securities and Exchange Commission against Employee in respect of charges that Employee violated any provision of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”), other than provisions requiring the maintenance of proper books and records; (vi) theft, misappropriation, embezzlement or conversion of the assets or opportunities of any member of the Company Group; (vii) a material breach of the terms, covenants or representations of this Agreement or any agreement between Employee and any member of the Company Group; or (viii) a willful violation of the written rules or policies of any member of the Company Group, which causes material harm to any member of the Company Group, provided that, in the case of the occurrence of an event described in clause (vii) or (viii) above, Employee shall have ten (10) business days after receipt of written notice thereof, stating in reasonable detail the actions or omissions purporting to constitute such breach or violation, to cure, and upon such cure, such event shall not be deemed to be the basis for a termination of Employee for Cause, unless the Company acting in good faith, otherwise determines that such occurrence is not reasonably subject to being cured; provided, however, that with respect to the occurrence of an event described in clause (vii) above, the foregoing cure period shall be available to Employee only with respect to the first occurrence of the same event described in clause (vii) above, and such cure period shall not be available to Employee with respect to any subsequent occurrence of an event described in clause (vii) above.
In the event of Termination for Cause, Employee shall be entitled to receive any earned but unpaid Base Salary, paid as soon as practicable following termination.
6  d. Termination by the Company Without Cause or by Employee with Good Reason.
The Company may terminate Employee’s employment without Cause at any time under this Agreement.
In the event of termination of Employee’s employment by the Company without Cause or Employee terminates employment with Good Reason (as defined below), the Company shall: (i) Pay Employee’s earned but unpaid Base Salary as of the date of Employee’s termination; (ii) Pay any unpaid Annual Bonus for the year prior to the date of Employee’s termination, based on the actual performance of the Company (or the Company Group, as applicable) for that year, payable fully in cash (rather than any otherwise applicable cash/equity mix) at the same time as such amounts are paid to continuing Management employees; (iii) Pay a pro-rated amount of any Annual Bonus for the year of termination, based on actual performance of the Company (or the Company Group, as applicable) for the year in which termination occurs, with any individual performance criteria deemed to be met at the same level as Company performance, and paid fully in cash (rather than any otherwise applicable cash/equity mix) at the same time as the Annual Bonus is paid to continuing Management employees; (iv) Pay, on a monthly basis and using regularly scheduled payroll periods over twenty four (24) months (the “Severance Period”), (x) an amount equal to one-twelfth (1/12th) the Employee’s Base Salary plus (y) an amount equal to one-twelfth (1/12th) of the cash portion of the Employee’s Target Annual Bonus for the year of termination; and (v) Fully accelerate vesting of any outstanding RSU awards as of the date of termination.
7  e. Termination for Notice of Non-Renewal.
Unless the Company has offered to renew the Agreement on terms that are at least comparable in the aggregate to “market level” compensation, then if the Company provides notice to Employee that the Company is not renewing the Term under Section 2 at the end of the Initial Term or any Renewal Term and Employee’s employment terminates at the end of such Term, the Company shall: (i) Pay Employee’s earned but unpaid Base Salary as of the date of Employee’s termination; (ii) Pay any unpaid Annual Bonus for the year prior to the date of Employee’s termination, based on the actual performance of the Company (or the Company Group, as applicable) for that year, payable fully in cash (rather than any otherwise applicable cash/equity mix) at the same time as such amounts are paid to continuing Management employees; (iii) Pay a pro-rated amount of any Annual Bonus for the year of termination, based on actual performance of the Company (or the Company Group, as applicable) for the year in which termination occurs, with any individual performance criteria deemed to be met at the same level as Company performance, and paid fully in cash (rather than any otherwise applicable cash/equity mix) at the same time as the Annual Bonus is paid to continuing Management employees; (iv) Pay, on a monthly basis and using regularly scheduled payroll periods over twenty four (24) months (the “Severance Period”), (x) an amount equal to one-twelfth (1/12th) the Employee’s Base Salary plus (y) an amount equal to one-twelfth (1/12th) of the cash portion of the Employee’s Target Annual Bonus for the year of termination; and (v) Fully accelerate vesting of any outstanding RSU awards as of the date of termination.
f. Good Reason.
For purposes of this Agreement, “Good Reason” shall mean the occurrence of any of the following without Employee’s consent: (i) a material diminution in Employee’s base compensation; (ii) a material diminution in Employee’s authority, duties or responsibilities; (iii) a requirement that Employee report to anyone other than the Board, the Chief Executive Officer of the Company, or a named executive officer of the Company or Sierra, designated from time to time by the Board; (iv) a material diminution in the budget over which Employee retains authority; (v) a material change in the geographic location at which Employee must perform the services; or (vi) any other action or inaction that constitutes a material breach by the Company of this Agreement.
Any termination for Good Reason must occur within two (2) years following the initial existence of one or more of the foregoing conditions.
g. Termination by Employee other than for Good Reason.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, Employee may terminate Employee’s employment under this Agreement for any reason, provided such termination may take place no earlier than the end of the month that is not less than three (3) months after Employee has provided written notice to the Company of Employee’s intent to terminate Employee’s employment.
The Company may elect to accept Employee’s resignation at any time prior to the end of such notice period.
In the event of any termination of Employee’s employment under this Section, the Company shall pay to Employee Employee’s earned but unpaid Base Salary.
9  i. Post-Termination Knowledge of Cause or Breach.
If (i) Employee’s employment with the Company terminates for any reason other than Cause and, after the date of Employee’s termination, matters constituting Cause become known to the Company or (ii) Employee materially breaches any of Employee’s post-employment obligations, including non-competition, non-solicitation, non-disparagement and non-disclosure obligations, then the Company may, by written notice to Employee (describing in reasonable detail the facts giving rise to such Cause or breach) obligate Employee to repay in full on a net after-tax within thirty (30) days of that notice: (1) any Annual Bonus(es) paid after the earliest date of occurrence of matters constituting Cause or breach, as determined by the Board in good faith; (2) any amounts of severance Employee has received hereunder; and (3) the amount of any compensation received upon exercise, settlement or other payment of any equity award that was exercised, settled or otherwise paid after the earliest date of occurrence of matters constituting Cause or breach, as determined by the Board in good faith.
j.
9.
a.
§ 101).
b.
10  c. Assignment.
Employee further agrees that Employee’s obligation to assist the Company Group in obtaining and enforcing patents, registrations or other rights for such inventions in any and all countries, will continue beyond the termination of Employee’s employment, but the Company shall compensate Employee at a reasonable rate after such termination for the time actually spent by Employee at the Company’s request for such assistance.
Cal.
d. Waiver of Moral Rights.
10.
b.
13  c. Obligations with respect to Confidential Information.
11.
12.
14  13.
a.
b. Noncompetition.
e. Non-Disparagement.
16  14.
Enforcement.
15.
16.
17.
17  18.
19.
20.
19  b.
d. Stop Transfer.
21.
a.
b. Waiver; Amendments.
Neither this Agreement nor any part of it may be waived, changed or terminated orally, and any waiver, amendment or modification must be in a writing signed by Employee and the Company.
20  c. Governing Law; Choice of Forum.
e. Entire Agreement; Construction.
f. Severability.
h. Section 409A Compliance.
In furtherance of the foregoing: (i) notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, to the extent any payment hereunder constitutes deferred compensation subject to Section 409A, and if Employee is a “specified employee” as defined for purposes of Section 409A, then all payments to be made to Employee hereunder due to the termination of Employee’s employment shall not be paid, or commence to be paid, until the earlier of (1) the date that is immediately following the date that six (6) months after the date that Employee’s employment is terminated or (2) the date of Employee’s death following such a separation from service.
(ii) notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, Employee’s employment with the Company Group shall not be deemed to have been terminated unless and until Employee has had a “separation from service,” as determined under Section 409A; (iii) each payment that is part of a series of payments shall be a single payment for purposes of Section 409A; and
i.
Survival.
The representations, warranties, covenants and other agreements contained herein, which by their nature are intended to survive the termination of Employee’s employment with the Company Group, shall survive such termination (regardless of the reason for such termination) in accordance with their stated terms.
j.
23  Exhibit A
