Duties.
Employee must provide notice to the Company of the existence of the condition described above within a period not to exceed ninety (90) calendar days of the initial existence of the condition, and the Company will have a period of at least thirty (30) calendar days following the notice during which it may remedy the condition.
h. Executed Waiver and Forfeiture.
No amount shall be payable under this Section 8 unless a General Release of Claims, substantially in the form attached as Exhibit D (the “Release Form”), has been duly executed by Employee (or in the event of death or disability his beneficiary or legal representative, as applicable) and delivered to the Company and any applicable revocation period has expired within the sixty (60) day period following termination of employment, provided that to the extent Internal Revenue Code Section 409A (“Section 409A”) applies to a payment, such payment will be deferred and paid in a lump sum on the sixtieth (60th) day following termination.
Work Product.
Employee agrees to maintain adequate and current written records on the development of all Work Product and to disclose promptly to the Company all Work Product and relevant records, which records will remain the sole property of the Company Group.
Lab.
Confidential Information.
12  (2) all know-how that is currently used, or currently conceived or currently developed for use, in the business of the Company Group, including the following: (A) Trade Secrets, formulae, ideas, inventions and invention disclosures not subject to clause (1) above; (B) discoveries, innovations, improvements, results, reports, information and data (including all business and technical information and information and data relating to research, development, analytical methods, processes, formulations and compositions) and development work; (C) proprietary technology and information, designs, drawings, specifications or blueprints; and (D) all copies and tangible embodiments of the foregoing (in whatever form or medium, including electronic media) (collectively, “Know-How”); (3) customer lists, supplier lists, pricing information, cost information, business and marketing research, plans and proposals and the like that are currently used, or currently conceived or currently developed for use, in the business of the Company Group (the “Customer Information”); (4) all trademarks, service marks, trade dress, trade names, logos, commercial symbols and corporate names, whether or not registered, together with all translations, adaptations, derivations and combinations thereof that are currently used, or currently conceived or currently developed for use, in the business of the Company Group, and including all goodwill associated therewith, and all applications, registrations and renewals in connection therewith; (5) all copyrightable works, whether or not registered, that are currently used, or currently conceived or currently developed for use, in the business of the Company Group, and all copyright applications, registrations and renewals in connection therewith; (6) all internet domain names, URLs and applications therefor, that are currently used, or currently conceived or currently developed for use, in the business of the Company Group; and (7) all computer software and programs in object code or source code form, databases and documentation and flow charts that are currently used, or currently conceived or currently developed for use, in the business of the Company Group.
Trade Secrets.
All information, materials, documents, supplies, equipment and other property furnished to Employee by the Company Group in connection with performance of services under this Agreement will be and remain the sole property of the Company Group.
On the date of the termination of Employee’s employment under this Agreement for any reason, or at any other time at the Company’s request, Employee must return to the Company Group all tangible and intellectual property in whatever form belonging to the Company Group (including, but not limited to, the Company Group vehicle, any laptops, computers, cell phones, wireless electronic mail devices or other equipment, or information, documents and other property).
Lock-Up.
Miscellaneous.
21  g. Notices.
All notices, requests, claims, demands and other communications hereunder shall be in writing and shall be given or made (and shall be deemed to have been duly given or made upon receipt) by delivery in person, by an internationally recognized overnight courier service, by registered or certified mail (postage prepaid, return receipt requested) to the respective parties hereto at the following addresses (or at such other address for a party as shall be specified in a notice given in accordance with this Section 19(g)):
280 Park Avenue, 6th Floor EastNew York, NY 10017
At Employee’s home address of record withCompany’s Human Resources Department, asupdated from time-to-time
35 W. Wacker DriveChicago, IL 60601-9703Attn: Michael S. Melbinger, Esq.
Any photocopy or scanned copy in portable document format (PDF) shall be deemed an original copy for all purposes.
“Effective Date” shall mean the Closing Date, as such term is defined in the Amended and Restated Agreement and Plan of Merger by and among Medley Management Inc., Sierra Income Corporation, and Sierra Management, Inc., dated as of July [___], 2019.
 26   Exhibit D GENERAL RELEASE OF CLAIMS This General Release of Claims (the “Release”) is being executed and delivered in accordance with Section 8(h) of the Employment Agreement between Medley Capital LLC and you.
This Release must be signed and dated no later than forty-five (45) days after you receive it.
You will have [seven (7) days] after signing this Release to revoke your signature by delivering a signed notice of revocation to the Company.
28
