Exhibit 4.3
EXECUTION COPY
as Issuer
as Guarantors
AND
as Trustee
INDENTURE
CROSS-REFERENCE TABLE*
Trust Indenture
Act Section
Indenture Section
310
9.10
9.10
N.A.
N.A.
9.10
(b)
9.10
N.A.
311
(a)
9.11
(b)
9.11
N.A.
312
(a)
(b)
15.3
15.3
313
(a)
9.6
9.6; 9.7
9.6
9.6
314
(a)
15.4
15.4
N.A.
(e)
N.A.
315
(a)
9.1
(b)
9.1
9.1
(e)
8.11
316
(a)(last sentence)
2.8
8.5
8.4
N.A.
(b)
8.7
6.1
317
8.8
8.9
(b)
2.4
318
(a)
N.A.
(b)
N.A.
15.1
N.A.
means not applicable.
*This Cross-Reference Table is not part of the Indenture.
TABLE OF CONTENTS
Page
ARTICLE I            DEFINITIONS AND INCORPORATION BY REFERENCE
1
Section 1.1
Definitions
1
Section 1.2
Incorporation by Reference of Trust Indenture Act
11
Section 1.3
Rules of Construction
12
Section 1.4
Acts of Holders
12
ARTICLE II           THE SECURITIES
14
Section 2.1
Form and Dating
14
Section 2.2
Execution and Authentication
15
Section 2.3
Registrar, Paying Agent, and Conversion Agent
16
Section 2.4
16
Section 2.5
Holder Lists
17
Section 2.6
17
Section 2.7
Replacement Securities
18
Section 2.8
Outstanding Securities; Determinations of Holders’ Action
19
Section 2.9
Temporary Securities
20
Section 2.10
Cancellation
20
Section 2.11
Persons Deemed Owners
20
Section 2.12
Additional Transfer and Exchange Requirements
21
Section 2.13
CUSIP Numbers
26
ARTICLE III          REDEMPTION OF SECURITIES
26
Section 3.1
26
Section 3.2
Selection of Securities to Be Redeemed
27
Section 3.3
Notice of Redemption
28
Section 3.4
Effect of Notice of Redemption
28
Section 3.5
29
Section 3.6
Securities Redeemed in Part
29
Section 3.7
Repayment to the Company
29
Section 3.8
No Sinking Fund
29
i
Page
ARTICLE IV          PURCHASE AT THE OPTION OF HOLDERS ON SPECIFIC DATES
30
Section 4.1
Optional Put
30
Section 4.2
32
Section 4.3
33
Section 4.4
Securities Purchased in Part
33
Section 4.5
Covenant to Comply With Securities Laws Upon Purchase of Securities
34
Section 4.6
Repayment to the Company
34
Section 4.7
34
34
Section 5.1
Fundamental Change Put
34
Section 5.2
37
Section 5.3
38
Section 5.4
Securities Purchased in Part
39
Section 5.5
Covenant to Comply With Securities Laws Upon Purchase of Securities
39
Section 5.6
Repayment to the Company
39
ARTICLE VI          COVENANTS
40
Section 6.1
40
Section 6.2
SEC and Other Reports to the Trustee
41
Section 6.3
Compliance Certificate
41
Section 6.4
Further Instruments and Acts
42
Section 6.5
Maintenance of Office or Agency of the Trustee, Registrar, Paying Agent and Conversion Agent
42
Section 6.6
Delivery of Information Required Under Rule 144A
42
Section 6.7
Waiver of Stay, Extension or Usury Laws
43
Section 6.8
Statement by Officers as to Default
43
Section 6.9
Additional Interest
43
Section 6.10
Additional Subsidiary Guarantees
44
ii
Page
Section 6.11
Contingent Debt Tax Treatment
44
ARTICLE VII        SUCCESSOR CORPORATION
45
Section 7.1
45
ARTICLE VIII       DEFAULTS AND REMEDIES
46
Section 8.1
Events of Default
46
Section 8.2
Acceleration
48
Section 8.3
Other Remedies
48
Section 8.4
Waiver of Past Defaults; Rescission of Acceleration
48
Section 8.5
Control by Majority
49
Section 8.6
Limitation on Suits
49
Section 8.7
50
Section 8.8
50
Section 8.9
50
Section 8.10
Priorities
51
Section 8.11
Undertaking for Costs
51
ARTICLE IX         TRUSTEE
51
Section 9.1
Duties of Trustee
51
Section 9.2
Rights of Trustee
52
Section 9.3
Individual Rights of Trustee
53
Section 9.4
Trustee’s Disclaimer
54
Section 9.5
Notice of Defaults
54
Section 9.6
Reports by Trustee to Holders of the Securities
54
Section 9.7
Compensation and Indemnity
54
Section 9.8
Replacement of Trustee
55
Section 9.9
Successor Trustee by Merger, etc
56
Section 9.10
Eligibility; Disqualification
56
Section 9.11
Preferential Collection of Claims Against Company
56
ARTICLE X           DISCHARGE OF INDENTURE
56
Section 10.1
Discharge of Liability on Securities
56
Section 10.2
57
iii
Page
Section 10.3
Repayment to the Company
57
ARTICLE XI         AMENDMENTS
57
Section 11.1
Without Consent of Holders of Securities
57
Section 11.2
With Consent of Holders of Securities
59
Section 11.3
Compliance with Trust Indenture Act
60
Section 11.4
Revocation and Effect of Consents, Waivers and Actions
60
Section 11.5
Notation on or Exchange of Securities
60
Section 11.6
60
Section 11.7
Effect of Supplemental Indentures
61
Section 11.8
Waiver
61
ARTICLE XII        CONVERSION
61
Section 12.1
Conversion Right
61
Section 12.2
Conversion Procedures; Conversion Rate; Fractional Shares
64
Section 12.3
Adjustment of Conversion Rate
67
Section 12.4
Consolidation or Merger of the Company
74
Section 12.5
Notice of Adjustment
75
Section 12.6
Notice in Certain Events
75
Section 12.7
Company To Reserve Stock; Listing; Corporate Action
76
Section 12.8
Taxes on Conversion
77
Section 12.9
Conversion After Record Date
77
Section 12.10
Company Determination Final
78
Section 12.11
Responsibility of Trustee for Conversion Provisions
78
Section 12.12
Conversion in Connection with a Public Acquirer Change of Control
78
Section 12.13
79
ARTICLE XIII       SUBSIDIARY GUARANTEES
80
Section 13.1
Guarantee
80
Section 13.2
Limitation on Guarantor Liability
81
Section 13.3
Execution and Delivery of Subsidiary Guarantee
82
Section 13.4
Guarantors May Consolidate, etc., on Certain Terms
82
iv
Page
Section 13.5
Releases
83
ARTICLE XIV       CONTINGENT INTEREST
83
Section 14.1
Contingent Interest
83
Section 14.2
84
Section 14.3
Contingent Interest Notification
84
ARTICLE XV        MISCELLANEOUS
84
Section 15.1
Trust Indenture Act Controls
84
Section 15.2
Notices
84
Section 15.3
Communication by Holders with Other Holders
85
Section 15.4
Certificate and Opinion as to Conditions Precedent
85
Section 15.5
Statements Required in Certificate or Opinion
86
Section 15.6
Rules by Trustee, Paying Agent, Conversion Agent, Registrar
86
Section 15.7
No Personal Liability of Directors, Officers, Employees and Stockholders
86
Section 15.8
Governing Law
87
Section 15.9
No Adverse Interpretation of Other Agreements
87
Section 15.10
Successors
87
Section 15.11
Severability
87
Section 15.12
Counterpart Originals
87
Section 15.13
Table of Contents, Headings, etc
87
Section 15.14
Force Majeure
87
EXHIBIT A
Form of Security
EXHIBIT B
Form of Notation of Subsidiary Guarantee
EXHIBIT C
EXHIBIT D
Form of Restrictive Legend for Common Stock Issues Upon Conversion
EXHIBIT E
Form of Supplemental Indenture
SCHEDULE I
Conversion Rate Adjustment Table
v
RECITALS OF THE COMPANY
WHEREAS, the Company has duly authorized the creation of an issue of its 2.00% Convertible Senior Notes due 2026 (the “Securities”) having the terms, tenor, amount and other provisions hereinafter set forth.
WHEREAS, all things necessary to make the Securities, when the Securities are duly executed by the Company and authenticated and delivered hereunder and duly issued by the Company, the valid obligations of the Company, and to make this Indenture a valid and binding agreement of the Company, in accordance with their and its terms, have been done and performed in all respects.
NOW, THEREFORE, THIS INDENTURE WITNESSETH:
For and in consideration of the premises and the purchase of the Securities by the Holders thereof, each party agrees as follows for the benefit of the other party and for the equal and ratable benefit of the holders of the Securities:
ARTICLE I
Section 1.1             Definitions.
“Act” has the meaning set forth in Section 1.4(a).
“Additional Interest” has the meaning set forth in the Registration Rights Agreement.
“Additional Interest Payment Date” has the meaning set forth in Section 6.9.
“Additional Interest Record Date” has the meaning set forth in Section 6.9.
“Additional Shares” has the meaning set forth in Section 12.2(e).
“Affiliate” of any specified person means any other person directly or indirectly controlling or controlled by or under direct or indirect common control with such specified person.
For the purposes of this definition, “control” when used with respect to any specified person means the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of such person, directly or indirectly, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise; and the terms “controlling” and “controlled” have meanings correlative to the foregoing.
“Agent Members” has the meaning set forth in Section 2.1(c).
“Applicable Conversion Period” has the meaning set forth in Section 12.13(a).
“Applicable Procedures” means, with respect to any transfer or transaction involving a Global Security or beneficial interest therein, the rules and procedures of the Depositary for such Security, in each case to the extent applicable to such transaction and as in effect from time to time.
“Applicable Stock” means (a) the Common Stock and/or (b) in the event of a transaction referred to in Section 12.4 in which the Securities become convertible into Equity Interests of another Person, such Equity Interests or any other Equity Interests into which such Equity Interests shall be reclassified or changed.
“Bankruptcy Law” means Title 11, United States Code, or any similar United States federal or state law for the relief of debtors.
“Base Amount” has the meaning set forth in Section 12.13(a).
“Bid Solicitation Agent” means the Trustee or such other office or agency designated by the Company to obtain secondary market bid quotations.
“Board of Directors” means either the board of directors of the Company or any duly authorized committee of such board.
“Board Resolution” means a resolution of the Board of Directors or any duly appointed committee thereof.
“Business Day” means any day other than a Saturday or a Sunday or a day on which banking institutions in the City of New York are authorized or required by law, regulation or executive order to close.
“cash” means such coin or currency of the United States as at any time of payment is legal tender for the payment of public and private debts.
“Certificated Securities” means Securities that are in substantially the form attached hereto as Exhibit A and that do not include the information called for by footnote 1 thereof.
If the Company’s Common Stock is not listed for trading on a U.S. national or regional securities exchange and not reported by the Nasdaq National Market on the relevant date, the “Closing Sale Price” will be the last quoted bid price for the Company’s Common Stock in the over-the-counter market on the relevant date as reported by Pink Sheets, LLC or similar organization.
If the
2
Common Stock is not so quoted, the “Closing Sale Price” will be the average of the mid-point of the last bid and ask prices for the Common Stock on the relevant date from each of at least two independent nationally-recognized investment banking firms selected by the Company for this purpose.
If at least two independent quotes cannot be obtained, the “Closing Sale Price” will be determined in good faith by the Board of Directors.
The Closing Sale Price will be determined without reference to extended or after-hours trading.
“Common Stock” means the common stock, par value $.01 per share, of the Company as that stock exists on the date of this Indenture or any other Equity Interests of the Company into which such Common Stock shall be reclassified or changed; provided, that after the consummation of any transaction referred to in Section 12.4, all references to “Common Stock” shall, to the extent necessary to protect the interests of the Holders of the Securities, become references to “Applicable Stock.”
“Company” means the party named as the “Company” in the first paragraph of this Indenture until a successor replaces it pursuant to the applicable provisions of this Indenture and, thereafter, means such successor.
The foregoing sentence shall likewise apply to any subsequent successor or successors to such successor.
“Company Request” or “Company Order” means a written request or order signed in the name of the Company by any two Officers, at least one of whom is the Chief Executive Officer or the Chief Financial Officer.
“Contingent Interest” has the meaning set forth in Section 14.1.
“Continuing Directors” means, as of any date of determination, any member of the Board of Directors (i) who was a member of the Board of Directors on the Issue Date; or (ii) who was nominated for election or elected to the Board of Directors with the approval of a majority of the Continuing Directors who were members of the Board of Directors at the time of such new director’s nomination or election; or (iii) whose election was ratified, or who is nominated for re-election, by a majority of the Continuing Directors who were members of the Board of Directors at the time of the new director’s initial election to the Board of Directors.
“Conversion Agent” has the meaning set forth in Section 2.3.
“Conversion Notice” has the meaning set forth in Section 12.2(b).
“Conversion Obligation” has the meaning set forth in Section 12.1(a).
3
“Conversion Value” of the Securities on any date of determination means the Applicable Conversion Rate, multiplied by the average of the Closing Sale Prices of the Common Stock for each Trading Day in the Applicable Conversion Period.
“Corporate Trust Office” means the principal office of the Trustee at which at any time its corporate trust business shall be administered, which office at the date hereof is located at New York, New York, or such other address as the Trustee may designate from time to time by notice to the Holders and the Company, or the principal corporate trust office of any successor Trustee (or such other address as a successor Trustee may designate from time to time by notice to the Holders and the Company).
“Current Dividend Rate” has the meaning set forth in Section 12.3(d).
“Custodian” means any receiver, trustee, assignee, liquidator, custodian or similar official under any Bankruptcy Law.
“Daily Share Amount” has the meaning set forth in Section 12.13(a).
“Default” means, when used with respect to the Securities, any event which is, or after notice or passage of time or both would be, an Event of Default.
“Depositary” means, with respect to any Global Securities, a securities clearing agency that is registered as such under the Exchange Act and is designated by the Company to act as Depositary for such Global Securities (or any successor securities clearing agency so registered), which shall initially be DTC.
“Dividend Threshold Amount” has the meaning set forth in Section 12.3(d).
“Domestic Subsidiary” means, any Subsidiary of the Company that was formed under the laws of the United States or any state of the United States or the District of Columbia or that guarantees or otherwise provides direct credit support for any Indebtedness of the Company.
The pledge of capital stock of a Subsidiary of the Company will not be considered to be a provision of direct credit support for Indebtedness of the Company by such Subsidiary.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, Laurel Technologies Partnership (d/b/a DRS Laurel Technologies), Canopy Technologies LLC and MSSC Company LP and their respective subsidiaries will not be Domestic Subsidiaries for so long as such entities are not directly or indirectly wholly-owned by the Company, provided that should Laurel Technologies Partnership (d/b/a DRS Laurel Technologies), Canopy Technologies LLC or MSSC Company LP and their subsidiaries be directly or indirectly wholly-owned by the Company at any point after the date of hereof, they and their respective subsidiaries will become Guarantors in compliance with Section 6.10.
“EDGAR” has the meaning set forth in Section 6.2(b).
“Effective Date” has the meaning set forth in Section 12.2(e).
4
“Equity Interest” of any Person means any and all shares, interests, rights to purchase, warrants, options, participations or other equivalents of or interests in (however designated) corporate stock or other equity participations, including partnership interests, whether general or limited, of such Person.
“Event of Default” has the meaning set forth in Section 8.1.
“Excess Value” has the meaning set forth in Section 12.13(a).
“Exchange Act” means the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended or any successor statute thereto, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.
“Expiration Time” has the meaning set forth in Section 12.3(e).
“Fair Market Value” has the meaning set forth in Section 12.3(g).
“Fundamental Change” means the occurrence of any of the following events: (i)  the consummation of a transaction pursuant to which a “person” or “group” within the meaning of Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act other than the Company, its subsidiaries or its or their employee benefit plans, has become the ultimate “beneficial owner,” as defined in Rules 13d-3 and 13d-5 under the Exchange Act of the common equity representing more than 50% of the Company’s total outstanding Voting Stock that is entitled to vote in the election of the Board of Directors, as reflected in Schedule TO or any schedule or report filed under the Exchange Act disclosing the consummation of such acquisition, (ii) the first day on which a majority of the members of the Board of Directors are not Continuing Directors; (iii) the Company consolidates with or merges with or into any Person or conveys, transfers, sells or otherwise disposes of or leases all or substantially all of its assets to any Person, or any corporation consolidates with or merges into or with the Company, in any such event pursuant to a transaction in which the Company’s outstanding Voting Stock is changed into or exchanged for cash, securities or other property, other than any such transaction where the Company’s outstanding Voting Stock is not changed or exchanged at all (except to the extent necessary to reflect a change in the Company’s jurisdiction of incorporation), or where (A) the Company’s outstanding Voting Stock is changed into or exchanged for cash, securities and other property (other than equity interests of the surviving corporation) and (B) the Company’s shareholders immediately before such transaction own, directly or indirectly, immediately following such transaction, more than 50% of the total outstanding Voting Stock of the surviving corporation; (iv) the Company is liquidated or dissolved or adopts a plan of liquidation or dissolution other than in a transaction which complies with the provisions described under ARTICLE VII; or (v) the Company’s Common Stock or any other common stock into which the Securities are convertible ceases to be traded on a U.S. national securities exchange or quoted on the Nasdaq National Market or traded on an established automated over-the-counter trading market in the United States, and no American Depositary Shares or similar instruments for such common stock are so listed or approved for listing in the United States.
5
However, notwithstanding the foregoing, a “Fundamental Change” will not be deemed to have occurred if in the cases described in clauses (i) or (iii) above, at least 90% of the consideration, excluding cash payments for fractional shares and cash payments pursuant to dissenters’ appraisal rights, in the merger or consolidation constituting the Fundamental Change consists of capital stock traded on a U.S. national securities exchange or quoted on the Nasdaq National Market or American Depositary Shares or similar instruments for such Common Stock are so listed or approved for listing in the United States (or which will be so traded or quoted when issued or exchanged in connection with such Fundamental Change) and as a result of such transaction or transactions all or a portion of the Securities become convertible into such capital stock, excluding cash payments for fractional shares.
“Fundamental Change Purchase Date” has the meaning set forth in Section 5.1(a).
“Fundamental Change Purchase Notice” has the meaning set forth in Section 5.1(c).
“Fundamental Change Purchase Price” has the meaning set forth in Section 5.1(a).
“Guarantors” means each of (1) the Company’s Subsidiaries party hereto on the date of this Indenture; and (2) any other Subsidiary of the Company that executes a Subsidiary Guarantee in accordance with the provisions of this Indenture, and their respective successors and assigns.
“Global Securities” means Securities that are in substantially the form attached hereto as Exhibit A and that include the information called for by footnotes 1 and 3 thereof and that are deposited with the Depositary or its custodian and registered in the name of, the Depositary or its nominee.
“Holder” means a person in whose name a Security, including any Global Security, is registered on the Registrar’s books.
“Immaterial Subsidiary” means, as of any date, any Subsidiary whose total assets, as of that date, are less than $100,000 and whose total revenues for the most recent twelve-month period do not exceed $100,000; provided that a Subsidiary will not be considered to be an Immaterial Subsidiary if it, directly or indirectly, guarantees or otherwise provides direct credit support for any indebtedness of the Company.
“Indebtedness” means, with respect to any person,
(a)           all obligations, contingent or otherwise, of such person (i) for borrowed money (whether or not the recourse of the lender is to the whole of the assets of such person or only to a portion thereof), (ii) evidenced by a note, debenture, bond or written instrument (including a purchase money obligation), (iii) in respect of leases of such person required, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, to be accounted for as capitalized lease obligations on the balance sheet of such person; or (iv)
6
in respect of letters of credit (including reimbursement obligations with respect thereto), local guarantees or bankers’ acceptances;
(b)           all obligations secured by a mortgage, pledge, lien, encumbrance, charge or adverse claim affecting title or resulting in an encumbrance to which the property or assets of such person are subject and as are reflected as debt on the balance sheet of such person, whether or not the obligations secured thereby shall have been assumed by or shall otherwise be such person’s legal liability;
(c)           all obligations of such person under interest rate and currency swap agreements, cap, floor and collar agreements, spot and forward contracts and similar agreements and arrangements;
(d)           any indebtedness or other obligations described in clause (a), (b) or (c) above secured by any mortgage, pledge, lien or other encumbrance existing on property which is owned or held by such person, regardless of whether the indebtedness or other obligation secured thereby shall have been assumed by such person; and
(e)           all obligations of others of the type described in clause (a), (b), (c) or (d) above assumed by or guaranteed in any manner by such person or in effect guaranteed by such person through an agreement to purchase, contingent or otherwise (and the obligations of such person under any such assumptions, guarantees or other such arrangements).
“Indenture” means this Indenture, as amended or supplemented from time to time in accordance with the terms hereof, including the provisions of the TIA that are explicitly incorporated in this Indenture by reference to the TIA.
“Initial Dividend Rate” has the meaning set forth in Section 12.3(d).
“Institutional Accredited Investor” means an institutional investor that is an “accredited investor” as defined in Rule 501(a)(1), (2), (3) or (7) under the Securities Act.
“Interest Payment Date” has the meaning set forth in Exhibit A attached hereto.
“Issue Date” means, with respect to any Security, the date on which such Security was originally issued or deemed issued as set forth on the face of the Security.
“Market Disruption Event” means the occurrence or existence during the one-half hour period ending on the scheduled close of trading on any Trading Day for Applicable Stock of any material suspension or limitation imposed on trading (by reason of movements in price exceeding limits permitted by the stock exchange or otherwise) in the Applicable Stock or in any options, contracts or future contracts relating to the Applicable Stock.
7
“Measurement Period” has the meaning set forth in Section 12.1(a).
“Offering Memorandum” means the final offering memorandum of the Company dated January 30, 2006 relating to the offering of the Securities.
“Officer” means the Chief Executive Officer, the Chief Financial Officer, any Executive or Senior Vice President, the Treasurer, the Corporate Controller or the Secretary of the Company.
“Opinion of Counsel” means a written opinion containing the information specified in Section 15.4 and Section 15.5, from legal counsel.
The counsel may be an employee of, or counsel to, the Company.
“Paying Agent” has the meaning set forth in Section 2.3.
“Payment Default” has the meaning set forth in Section 8.1(h).
“Person” or “person” means any individual, corporation, limited liability company, partnership, joint venture, association, joint-stock company, trust, unincorporated organization, or government or any agency or political subdivision thereof.
“Public Acquirer Change of Control” means any event constituting a Fundamental Change that would otherwise obligate the Company to increase the Conversion Rate pursuant to Section 12.2(e) where the acquirer (or any entity that directly or indirectly owns a majority of the Voting Stock of the acquirer and fully and unconditionally guarantees the Securities) has a class of common stock, depositary receipts or other certificates representing common equity interests traded on a national securities exchange or quoted on the Nasdaq National Market or which will be so traded or quoted when issued or exchanged in connection with such Fundamental Change (the “Public Acquirer Common Stock”).
“Public Acquirer Common Stock” has the meaning assigned to it in the definition of Public Acquirer Change of Control.
“Public Notice” by the Company shall mean publication of a notice in a newspaper of general circulation in The City of New York or through such other public medium as the Company may use at that time and publication of such information on the Company’s corporate website.
8
“Purchase Date” has the meaning set forth in Section 4.1(a).
“Purchase Notice” has the meaning set forth in Section 4.1(c).
“Purchase Price” has the meaning set forth in Section 4.1(a).
“QIB” means a “qualified institutional buyer” as defined in Rule 144A.
“Record Date” has the meaning set forth in Section 12.3(g).
“Redemption Date” means, when used with respect to any Security to be redeemed, the date fixed for redemption pursuant to this Indenture.
“Redemption Price” means when used with respect to any Security to be redeemed pursuant to any provision in this Indenture, the price at which it is to be redeemed pursuant to this Indenture and the Securities.
“Reference Property” has the meaning set forth in Section 12.4.
“Register” has the meaning set forth in Section 2.3.
“Registrar” has the meaning set forth in Section 2.3.
“Registration Rights Agreement” means the Registration Rights Agreement, dated January 31, 2006, among the Company and the Initial Purchasers, as amended or supplemented from time to time.
“Responsible Officer” means, when used with respect to the Trustee, the officer within the corporate trust department of the Trustee, including any vice president, assistant vice president or assistant treasurer or any other officer of the Trustee who customarily performs functions similar to those performed by the persons who at the time shall be such officers, respectively, or to whom any corporate trust matter is referred because of such person’s knowledge of and familiarity with the particular subject and who shall have direct responsibility for the administration of this Indenture.
“Restricted Certificated Security” means a Certificated Security which is a Transfer Restricted Security.
“Restricted Global Security” means a Global Security that is a Transfer Restricted Security.
“Restricted Security” means a Restricted Certificated Security or a Restricted Global Security.
“Rule 144A” means Rule 144A under the Securities Act (or any successor provision), as it may be amended from time to time.
“SEC” means the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, or any successor thereto.
9
“Securities” has the meaning set forth in the recitals to this Indenture.
“Securities Act” means the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or any successor statute thereto, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.
“Settlement Amount” has the meaning set forth in Section 12.13(a).
“Significant Subsidiary” means any Subsidiary that would be a “significant subsidiary” as defined in Article 1, Rule 1-02 of Regulation S-X, promulgated pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Regulation is in effect on the date hereof.
“Special Record Date” has the meaning set forth in Section 6.1.
“spin-off” has the meaning set forth in Section 12.3(c).
“Stated Maturity,” when used with respect to any Security, means February 1, 2026.
“Subsidiary” means any person of which at least a majority of the outstanding Voting Stock shall at the time directly or indirectly be owned or controlled by the Company or by one or more Subsidiaries or by the Company and one or more Subsidiaries.
“Subsidiary Guarantee” has the meaning set forth in Section 13.1.
“TIA” means the U.S. Trust Indenture Act of 1939 as in effect on then date of this Indenture, provided, however, that in the event the TIA is amended after such date, TIA means, to the extent required by any such amendment, the TIA as so amended.
“Total Conversion Shares at Issuance” has the meaning set forth in Section 12.13(a).
“Trading Day” means a day during which (i) trading in Applicable Stock generally occurs, (ii) there is no Market Disruption Event and (iii) a Closing Sale Price for Applicable Stock is provided on the New York Stock Exchange or, if the Applicable Stock is not listed on the New York Stock Exchange, on the principal other U.S. national or regional securities exchange on which the Applicable Stock is then listed or, if the Applicable Stock is not listed on a U.S. national or regional securities exchange, on the principal other market on which the Applicable Stock is then traded.
“Trading Price” on any date of determination means the average of the secondary market bid quotations per Security obtained by the Bid Solicitation Agent for
10
“Transfer Certificate” has the meaning set forth in Section 2.12(e).
“Transfer Restricted Security” has the meaning set forth in Section 2.12(e).
“Trustee” means the party named as the “Trustee” in the first paragraph of this Indenture until a successor replaces it pursuant to the applicable provisions of this Indenture and, thereafter, shall mean such successor.
The foregoing sentence shall likewise apply to any subsequent such successor or successors.
“Unrestricted Certificated Security” means a Certificated Security that is not a Transfer Restricted Security.
“Unrestricted Global Security” means a Global Security that is not a Transfer Restricted Security.
“Voting Stock” means stock of the class or classes pursuant to which the holders thereof have the general voting power under ordinary circumstances to elect at least a majority of the board of directors, managers or trustees of an entity (irrespective of whether or not at the time stock of any other class or classes shall have or might have voting power by reason of the happening of any contingency).
Section 1.2             Incorporation by Reference of Trust Indenture Act.
Whenever this Indenture refers to a provision of the TIA, the provision is incorporated by reference in and made a part of this Indenture.
11
The following TIA terms used in this Indenture have the following meanings:
“indenture securities” means the Securities;
“indenture security Holder” means a Holder of a Note;
“indenture to be qualified” means this Indenture;
“indenture trustee” or “institutional trustee” means the Trustee; and
“obligor” on the Securities and the Subsidiary Guarantees means the Company and the Guarantors, respectively, and any successor obligor upon the Securities and the Subsidiary Guarantees, respectively.
All other terms used in this Indenture that are defined by the TIA, defined by TIA reference to another statute or defined by SEC rule under the TIA have the meanings so assigned to them.
Section 1.3             Rules of Construction.
Unless the context otherwise requires:
(1)           a term has the meaning assigned to it;
(2)           an accounting term not otherwise defined has the meaning assigned to it in accordance with GAAP;
(3)           “or” is not exclusive;
(4)           words in the singular include the plural, and in the plural include the singular;
(5)           “will” shall be interpreted to express a command;
(6)           provisions apply to successive events and transactions; and
(7)           references to sections of or rules under the Securities Act will be deemed to include substitute, replacement of successor sections or rules adopted by the SEC from time to time.
Section 1.4             Acts of Holders.
(a)           Any request, demand, authorization, agreement, direction, notice, consent, waiver or other action provided by this Indenture to be given or taken by Holders may be embodied in and evidenced by one or more instruments of substantially similar tenor signed by such Holders in person or by an agent duly appointed in writing; and, except as herein otherwise expressly provided, such action shall become effective when such instrument or instruments are delivered to the Trustee and, where it is hereby expressly required, to the Company, as described in Section 15.2.
Such instrument or instruments (and the action embodied therein and evidenced
12
thereby) are herein sometimes referred to as the “Act” of the Holders signing such instrument or instruments.
Proof of execution of any such instrument or of a writing appointing any such agent shall be sufficient for any purpose of this Indenture and conclusive in favor of the Trustee and the Company, if made in the manner provided in this Section 1.4.
(b)           The fact and date of the execution by any person of any such instrument or writing may be proved by the affidavit of a witness of such execution or by a certificate of a notary public or other officer authorized by law to take acknowledgments of deeds, certifying that the individual signing such instrument or writing acknowledged to such officer the execution thereof.
Where such execution is by a signer acting in a capacity other than such signer’s individual capacity, such certificate or affidavit shall also constitute sufficient proof of such signer’s authority, if it so states.
The fact and date of the execution of any such instrument or writing, or the authority of the person executing the same, may also be proved in any other manner which the Trustee deems sufficient.
(c)           The principal amount and certificate number of any Security and the record ownership of Securities shall be proved by the Register maintained by the Registrar for the Securities.
(d)           Any request, demand, authorization, agreement, direction, notice, consent, waiver or other Act of the Holder of any Security shall bind every future Holder of the same Security and the Holder of every Security issued upon the registration of transfer thereof or in exchange therefor or in lieu thereof in respect of anything done, omitted or suffered to be done by the Trustee or the Company in reliance thereon, whether or not notation of such action is made upon such Security.
(e)           If the Company shall solicit from the Holders any request, demand, authorization, agreement, direction, notice, consent, waiver or other Act, the Company may, at its option, by or pursuant to a Board Resolution, fix in advance a Record Date for the determination of Holders entitled to give such request, demand, authorization, agreement, direction, notice, consent, waiver or other Act, but the Company shall have no obligation to do so.
If such a Record Date is fixed, such request, demand, authorization, agreement, direction, notice, consent, waiver or other Act may be given before or after such Record Date, but only the Holders of record at the close of business on such Record date shall be deemed to be Holders for the purposes of determining whether Holders of the requisite proportion of outstanding Securities have authorized or agreed or consented to such request, demand, authorization, agreement, direction, notice, consent, waiver or other Act, and for that purpose the outstanding Securities shall be computed as of such Record Date; provided that no such authorization, agreement or consent by the Holders on such Record Date shall be deemed effective unless it shall become effective pursuant to the provisions of this Indenture not later than six months after the Record Date.
13
ARTICLE II
THE SECURITIES
Section 2.1             Form and Dating.
The Securities and the Trustee’s certificate of authentication shall be substantially in the form of Exhibit A attached hereto, which is incorporated in and made a part of this Indenture.
The Securities may have notations, legends or endorsements required by law, stock exchange rule or usage (provided that any such notation, legend or endorsement required by usage is in a form acceptable to the Company).
(b)           Restricted Global Securities.
All of the Securities are being initially offered and sold only to QIBs in reliance on Rule 144A and shall be issued, initially in the form of one or more Restricted Global Securities, which shall be deposited with the Trustee at its Corporate Trust Office, as custodian for the Depositary and registered in the name of DTC or the nominee thereof, duly executed by the Company and authenticated by the Trustee as hereinafter provided.
Subject to Section 2.1(a), the aggregate principal amount of the Restricted Global Securities may from time to time be increased or decreased by adjustments made on the records of the Trustee and the Depositary as hereinafter provided.
Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the aggregate principal amount of the Restricted Global Securities may be increased in order to reflect the issuance of Securities following the exercise by the Initial Purchasers of the option set forth in the Purchase Agreement to purchase additional Securities.
(c)           Global Securities in General.
Each Global Security shall represent such of the outstanding Securities as shall be specified therein and each shall provide that it shall initially represent the aggregate amount of outstanding Securities stated thereon, but that the aggregate amount of outstanding Securities represented thereby may from time to time be reduced or increased, as appropriate, to reflect exchanges, redemptions, repurchases and conversions of such Securities.
Any adjustment of the aggregate principal amount of a Global Security to reflect the amount of any increase or decrease in the amount of outstanding Securities represented
14
thereby shall be made by the Trustee in accordance with instructions given by the Holder thereof as required by Section 2.12 and shall be made on the records of the Trustee and the Depositary.
Neither any members of, or participants in, the Depositary (collectively, the “Agent Members”) nor any other persons on whose behalf Agent Members may act may exercise any rights under this Indenture with respect to any Global Security registered in the name of the Depositary or any nominee thereof, or under any such Global Security, and the Depositary or such nominee, as the case may be, may be treated by the Company, the Trustee and any agent of the Company or the Trustee as the absolute owner and holder of such Global Security for all purposes whatsoever.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing contained herein shall (A) prevent the Company, the Trustee or any agent of the Company or the Trustee from giving effect to any written certification, proxy or other authorization furnished by the Depositary or such nominee, as the case may be, or (B) impair, as between the Depositary, its Agent Members and any other person on whose behalf an Agent Member may act, the operation of customary practices of such Persons governing the exercise of the rights of a holder of any Security.
(d)           Certificated Securities.
Certificated Securities will be issued only under the limited circumstances provided in Section 2.12(a)(i).
Section 2.2             Execution and Authentication.
The Securities shall be executed on behalf of the Company by any Officer.
The signature of the Officer on the Securities may be manual or facsimile.
A Security bearing the manual or facsimile signature of an individual who was at the time of the execution of the Security an Officer shall bind the Company, notwithstanding that such individual has ceased to hold such office(s) prior to the authentication and delivery of such Securities or did not hold such office(s) at the date of authentication of such Securities.
No Security shall be entitled to any benefit under this Indenture or be valid or obligatory for any purpose unless there appears on such Security a certificate of authentication substantially in the form provided for herein duly executed by the Trustee by manual or facsimile signature of an authorized signatory, and such certificate upon any Security shall be conclusive evidence, and the only evidence, that such Security has been duly authenticated and delivered hereunder.
The Trustee shall act as the initial authenticating agent.
Thereafter, the Trustee may appoint an authenticating agent acceptable to the Company to authenticate Securities.
An authenticating agent may authenticate Securities whenever the Trustee may do so.
Each reference in this Indenture to authentication by the Trustee includes authentication by such agent.
15
Section 2.3             Registrar, Paying Agent, and Conversion Agent.
The Company shall maintain an office or agency where Securities may be presented for registration of transfer or for exchange (“Registrar”), an office or agency where Securities may be presented for redemption, repurchase or payment (“Paying Agent”), an office or agency where Securities may be presented for conversion (“Conversion Agent”) and an office or agency where notices and demands to or upon the Company in respect of the Securities and this Indenture may be served.
Pursuant to Section 6.5, the Company shall at all times maintain a Registrar, Paying Agent, Conversion Agent and an office or agency where notices and demands to or upon the Company in respect of the Securities and this Indenture may be served in the Borough of Manhattan, New York City.
The Company may have one or more co-registrars, one or more additional paying agents and one or more additional conversion agents.
The term “Paying Agent” includes any additional paying agent, including any named pursuant to Section 6.5.
The term Conversion Agent includes any additional conversion agent, including any named pursuant to Section 6.5.
The Company shall enter into an appropriate limited agency agreement with any Registrar, Paying Agent, Conversion Agent or co-registrar (in each case, if such Registrar, agent or co-registrar is a Person other than the Trustee).
Each such agreement shall implement the provisions of this Indenture that relate to such agent.
If the Company fails to maintain a Registrar, Paying Agent, or Conversion Agent, the Trustee shall act as such and shall be entitled to appropriate compensation therefor pursuant to Section 9.7.
The Company hereby initially appoints the Trustee as Registrar, Paying Agent and Conversion Agent in connection with the Securities.
The initial office of the Registrar, Paying Agent and Conversion Agent shall be the office of the Trustee that is located in the Borough of Manhattan, New York City, which office on the date hereof is 101 Barclay Street, New York, New York 10286.
Section 2.4             Paying Agent to Hold Assets in Trust.
16
Upon doing so, the Paying Agent shall have no further liability for the cash.
Section 2.5             Holder Lists.
The Trustee shall preserve in as current a form as is reasonably practicable the most recent list available to it of the names and addresses of Holders and shall otherwise comply with § 312(a) of the TIA.
Section 2.6             Transfer and Exchange.
To permit registration of transfers and exchanges, upon surrender of any Security for registration of transfer or exchange at an office or agency maintained for such purpose pursuant to Section 2.3, the Company shall execute, and the Trustee shall authenticate, Securities of a like aggregate principal amount at the Registrar’s request.
Any transfer or exchange shall be without charge, except that the Company or the Registrar may require payment of a sum sufficient to pay all taxes, assessments or other governmental charges that may be imposed in connection with the transfer or exchange of the Securities from the Holder requesting such transfer or exchange.
Neither the Company, the Registrar nor the Trustee shall be required to exchange or register a transfer of (i) any Securities selected for redemption (except, in the case of Securities to be redeemed in part, the portion thereof not to be redeemed), (ii) any Securities in respect of which a Purchase Notice or a Fundamental Change Purchase Notice has been given and not withdrawn by the Holder thereof in accordance with the terms of this Indenture (except, in the case of Securities to be repurchased in part, the portion thereof not to be repurchased) or (iii) any Securities surrendered for conversion (except, in the case of Securities to be converted in part, the portion thereof not to be converted).
All Securities issued upon any transfer or exchange of Securities shall be valid obligations of the Company, evidencing the same debt and entitled to the same benefits under this Indenture, as the Securities surrendered upon such transfer or exchange.
17
(b)           Any Registrar appointed pursuant to Section 2.3 shall provide to the Trustee such information as the Trustee may reasonably require in connection with the delivery by such Registrar of Securities upon transfer or exchange of Securities.
(c)           The Trustee shall have no obligation or duty to monitor, determine or inquire as to compliance with any restrictions on transfer imposed under this Indenture or under applicable law with respect to any transfer of any interest in any Security between or among Agent Members or other beneficial owners of interests in any Global Security other than to require delivery of such certificates and other documentation or evidence as are expressly required by, and to do so if and when expressly required by the terms of, this Indenture, and to examine the same to determine substantial compliance as to form with the express requirements hereof.
Section 2.7             Replacement Securities.
In case any such mutilated, destroyed, lost or stolen Security has become or is about to become due and payable, or is about to be redeemed by the Company pursuant to ARTICLE III or repurchased by the Company pursuant to ARTICLE IV or ARTICLE V, the Company in its discretion may, instead of issuing a new Security, pay, redeem or repurchase such Security, as the case may be.
Upon the issuance of any new Securities under this Section 2.7, the Company may require the payment of a sum sufficient to cover any tax, assessment or other governmental charge that may be imposed in relation thereto and any other expenses (including the fees and expenses of the Trustee or the Registrar) connected therewith.
Every new Security issued pursuant to this Section 2.7 in lieu of any mutilated, destroyed, lost or stolen Security shall constitute an original additional contractual obligation of the Company, whether or not the destroyed, lost or stolen Security shall be at any time enforceable by anyone, and shall be entitled to all benefits of this Indenture equally and proportionately with any and all other Securities duly issued hereunder.
The provisions of this Section 2.7 are exclusive and shall preclude (to the extent lawful) all other rights and remedies with respect to the replacement or payment of mutilated, destroyed, lost or stolen Securities.
18
Section 2.8             Outstanding Securities; Determinations of Holders’ Action.
Securities outstanding at any time are all the Securities authenticated by the Trustee, except for those cancelled by it, those delivered to it for cancellation, and those described in this Section 2.8 as not outstanding.
If a Security is replaced pursuant to Section 2.7, the replaced Security ceases to be outstanding unless the Trustee receives proof satisfactory to it that the replaced Security is held by a bona fide purchaser unaware that such Security has been replaced.
Subject to Section 2.12(f), a Security does not cease to be outstanding because the Company or an Affiliate thereof holds the Security; provided, however, that in determining whether the Holders of the requisite principal amount of Securities have given or concurred in any request, demand, authorization, direction, notice, consent, waiver, or other Act hereunder, Securities owned by the Company or any other obligor upon the Securities or any Affiliate of the Company or such other obligor shall be disregarded (from both the numerator and the denominator) and deemed not to be outstanding, except that, in determining whether the Trustee shall be protected in relying upon any such request, demand, authorization, direction, notice, consent, waiver or other Act, only Securities which a Responsible Officer of the Trustee actually knows to be so owned shall be so disregarded.
Subject to the foregoing, only Securities outstanding at the time of such determination shall be considered in any such determination.
Securities so owned which have been pledged in good faith may be regarded as outstanding for the purposes of this Section 2.8 if the pledgee shall establish to the satisfaction of the Trustee the pledgee’s right to vote such Securities and that the pledgee is not the Company, any other obligor on the Securities or any Affiliate of the Company or any such other obligor.
In the case of a dispute as to such right, any decision by the Trustee taken upon the advice of counsel shall be full protection to the Trustee.
If a Security is converted in accordance with ARTICLE XII, then from and after the time of conversion on the date of conversion, such Security shall cease to be outstanding and interest and Additional Interest, if any, on such Security shall cease to accrue, provided that the Company fully performs its obligations under ARTICLE XII.
19
Section 2.9             Temporary Securities.
If temporary Securities are issued, the Company shall cause definitive Securities to be prepared without unreasonable delay.
After the preparation of definitive Securities, the temporary Securities shall be exchangeable for definitive Securities upon surrender of the temporary Securities at the office or agency of the Company designated for such purpose pursuant to Section 2.3, without charge to the Holder.
Until so exchanged the temporary Securities shall in all respects be entitled to the same benefits and subject to the same limitations under this Indenture as definitive Securities.
The Company may not issue new Securities to replace Securities that it has paid or delivered to the Trustee for cancellation or that any Holder has converted pursuant to ARTICLE XII.
No Securities shall be authenticated in lieu of or in exchange for any Securities cancelled as provided in this Section 2.10, except as expressly permitted by this Indenture.
All cancelled Securities held by the Trustee shall be disposed of by the Trustee in accordance with the Trustee’s customary procedure.
Section 2.11           Persons Deemed Owners.
20
Section 2.12           Additional Transfer and Exchange Requirements.
(a)           Transfer and Exchange of Global Securities.
Only Restricted Certificated Securities shall be issued in exchange for beneficial interests in Restricted Global Securities, and only Unrestricted Certificated Securities shall be issued in exchange for beneficial interests in Unrestricted Global Securities.
Certificated Securities issued in exchange for beneficial interests in Global Securities shall be registered in such names and shall be in such authorized denominations as the Depositary, pursuant to instructions from its direct or indirect participants or otherwise, shall instruct the Trustee.
Such exchange shall be effected in accordance with the Applicable Procedures.
(ii)           Notwithstanding any other provisions of this Indenture other than the provisions set forth in Section 2.12(a)(i), a Global Security may not be transferred except as a whole by the Depositary to a nominee of the Depositary or by a nominee of the Depositary to the Depositary or another nominee of the Depositary or by the Depositary or any such nominee to a successor Depositary or a nominee of such successor Depositary.
(b)           Transfer and Exchange of Certificated Securities.
In the event that Certificated Securities are issued in exchange for beneficial interests in Global Securities in accordance with Section 2.12(a)(i), and, on or after such event, Certificated Securities are presented by a Holder to the Registrar with a request:
(y)           to exchange such Certificated Securities for an equal principal amount of Certificated Securities of other authorized denominations,
21
(B)           if such Restricted Certificated Security is being transferred to a person the Holder reasonably believes is a QIB in compliance with Rule 144A, pursuant to the exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act provided by Rule 144 (if available) or pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act, a certification to that effect from such Holder (in substantially the form set forth in the Transfer Certificate); or
(c)           Transfer of a Beneficial Interest in a Restricted Global Security for a Beneficial Interest in an Unrestricted Global Security.
Any person having a beneficial interest in a Restricted Global Security may upon request, subject to the Applicable Procedures, transfer such beneficial interest to a person who is required or permitted to take delivery thereof in the form of an Unrestricted Global Security.
(i)            if such beneficial interest is being transferred pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act, a certification to that effect from the Holder (in substantially the form set forth in the Transfer Certificate); or
(ii)           if such beneficial interest is being transferred pursuant to the exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act provided by Rule 144, a
22
certification to that effect from the Holder (in substantially the form set forth in the Transfer Certificate),
the Trustee, as the Registrar, shall reduce or cause to be reduced the aggregate principal amount of the Restricted Global Security by the appropriate principal amount and shall increase or cause to be increased the aggregate principal amount of the Unrestricted Global Security by a like principal amount.
Such transfer shall otherwise be effected in accordance with the Applicable Procedures.
(d)           Transfers of Certificated Securities for Beneficial Interests in Global Securities.
In the event that Certificated Securities are issued in exchange for beneficial interests in Global Securities and, thereafter, the events or conditions specified in Section 2.12(a)(i) which required such exchange shall cease to exist, the Company shall mail notice to the Trustee and to the Holders stating that Holders may exchange Certificated Securities for interests in Global Securities by complying with the procedures set forth in this Indenture and briefly describing such procedures and the events or circumstances requiring that such notice be given.
(x)            to register the transfer of such Certificated Securities to a person who will take delivery thereof in the form of a beneficial interest in a Global Security, which request shall specify whether such Global Security will be a Restricted Global Security or an Unrestricted Global Security, or
(y)           to exchange such Certificated Securities for an equal principal amount of beneficial interests in a Global Security, which beneficial interests shall be owned by the Holder transferring such Certificated Securities (provided that in the case of such an exchange, Restricted Certificated Securities may be exchanged only for Restricted Global Securities and Unrestricted Certificated Securities may be exchanged only for Unrestricted Global Securities),
provided, however, that the Certificated Securities presented or surrendered for registration of transfer or exchange:
(2)           in the case of a Restricted Certificated Security to be transferred for a beneficial interest in an Unrestricted Global Security,
23
(i)            if such Restricted Certificated Security is being transferred pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act, a certification to that effect from such Holder (in substantially the form set forth in the Transfer Certificate); or
(ii)           if such Restricted Certificated Security is being transferred pursuant to the exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act provided by Rule 144, a certification to that effect from such Holder (in substantially the form set forth in the Transfer Certificate);
(4)           in the case of an Unrestricted Certificated Security to be transferred or exchanged for a beneficial interest in an Unrestricted Global Security, such request need not be accompanied by any additional information or documents.
(e)           Legends.
(1)           Except as permitted by the following paragraphs (2), (3) and (4), each Global Security and Certificated Security (and all Securities issued in exchange therefor or upon registration of transfer or replacement thereof) shall bear a legend in substantially the form called for by footnote 2 to Exhibit A (each a “Transfer Restricted Security”), for so long as it is required by this Indenture to bear such legend.
24
(2)           Upon any sale or transfer of a Transfer Restricted Security (x) pursuant to Rule 144 or (y) pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act:
(i)            in the case of any Restricted Certificated Security, any Registrar shall permit the Holder thereof to exchange such Restricted Certificated Security for an Unrestricted Certificated Security, or (under the circumstances described in Section 2.12(d)) to transfer such Restricted Certificated Security to a transferee who shall take such Security in the form of a beneficial interest in an Unrestricted Global Security, and in each case shall rescind any restriction on the transfer of such Security; and
(ii)           in the case of any beneficial interest in a Restricted Global Security, the Trustee shall permit the beneficial owner thereof to transfer such beneficial interest to a transferee who shall take such interest in the form of a beneficial interest in an Unrestricted Global Security and shall rescind any restriction on transfer of such beneficial interest; provided, that such Unrestricted Global Security shall continue to be subject to the provisions of Section 2.12(a)(ii).
(4)           Until the expiration of the holding period applicable to sales of the Securities under Rule 144(k) of the Securities Act, a transfer of the Securities pursuant to Rule 144 or pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act or the transfer of the Applicable Stock pursuant to Rule 144 or pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act, the Applicable Stock issued upon conversion of the Securities shall bear the legend in substantially the form called for by Exhibit D attached hereto.
Nothing contained in this Indenture or in the Securities shall prohibit the sale or other transfer of any Securities (including beneficial interests in Global Securities) to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries.
Any Securities repurchased by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries shall be surrendered to the Trustee for cancellation and in no event may the Company reissue or resell Securities acquired by it or any of its Subsidiaries, regardless of whether Securities were acquired by redemption, repurchase or otherwise.
(g)           Amendments to Rule 144(k).
Notwithstanding any other provision in this Indenture, if Rule 144(k) as promulgated under the Securities Act is amended to shorten the two-year period under Rule 144(k), then the references to “two years” in the restrictive legend of each Transfer Restricted Security (or Applicable Stock, as the case may be) shall be deemed to
25
refer to such shorter period from and after receipt by the Trustee of the documents described in Section 2.12(c) or Section 2.12(d)(2) from the Company or from a Holder of a Transfer Restricted Security (or Applicable Stock, as the case may be); provided that a Transfer Restricted Security (or Applicable Stock, as the case may be) shall not be deemed to refer to such shorter period if to do so would be prohibited by, or would otherwise cause a violation of, the U.S. federal securities laws applicable at the time.
As soon as practicable after a Responsible Officer of the Company receives notice of the effectiveness of any such amendment to shorten the two-year period under Rule 144(k), unless causing the Transfer Restricted Securities (or Applicable Stock, as the case may be) to refer to such shorter period would otherwise be prohibited by, or would otherwise cause a violation of, the U.S. federal securities laws applicable at the time, the Company shall provide to the Trustee the documents described in Section 2.12(d)(2) respecting the effectiveness of such amendment.
Section 2.13           CUSIP Numbers.
The Company may issue the Securities with one or more “CUSIP” numbers (if then generally in use), and, if so, the Trustee shall use “CUSIP” numbers in notices of redemption or repurchase as a convenience to Holders; provided that any such notice may state that no representation is made as to the correctness of such numbers either as printed on the Securities or as contained in any notice of a redemption or repurchase and that reliance may be placed only on the other identification numbers printed on the Securities, and any such redemption or repurchase shall not be affected by any defect in or omission of such numbers.
ARTICLE III
REDEMPTION OF SECURITIES
Section 3.1             The Company’s Right to Redeem; Make-Whole Premium; Notice to Trustee.
If the Company redeems Securities under this paragraph (a) after February 1, 2009 and prior to February 4, 2011, the Company will make the “make-whole” premium described in paragraph (c) below.
26
Section 3.2             Selection of Securities to Be Redeemed.
If fewer than all of the outstanding Securities are to be redeemed, unless the procedures of the Depositary provide otherwise, the Trustee shall select the Securities to be redeemed by lot or on a pro rata basis or by another method the Trustee considers fair and appropriate.
Provisions of this Indenture that apply to Securities called for redemption also apply to portions of Securities called for redemption.
If any Security selected for partial redemption is converted in part before termination of the conversion right with respect to the portion of the Security so selected, the converted portion of such Security shall be deemed (so far as may be) to be the portion selected for redemption and the Trustee shall select additional Securities to be redeemed in the manner provided in the first paragraph of this Section 3.2 in an amount equal to the Securities that would have been redeemed but for their conversion prior to the termination of their conversion right.
Securities which have been converted during a selection of Securities to be redeemed may be treated by the Trustee as outstanding for the purpose of such selection.
27
Section 3.3             Notice of Redemption.
The notice of redemption shall identify the Securities to be redeemed and shall state:
(b)           the Redemption Price;
(c)           the Conversion Rate;
(d)           the name and address of the Paying Agent and Conversion Agent;
(f)            that Holders who want to convert their Securities must satisfy the requirements set forth in ARTICLE XII;
(j)            the CUSIP number(s) of the Securities; and
(k)           any other information the Company wants to present.
Section 3.4             Effect of Notice of Redemption.
28
are converted in accordance with the terms of this Indenture.
Section 3.5             Deposit of Redemption Price.
Section 3.6             Securities Redeemed in Part.
With respect to any Global Security which is to be redeemed only in part, promptly after the Redemption Date the Trustee may make a notation upon such Global Security to reduce the principal amount of the Global Security by the amount of Securities redeemed in part.
Section 3.7             Repayment to the Company.
To the extent that the aggregate amount of cash deposited by the Company pursuant to Section 3.5 exceeds the aggregate Redemption Price of the Securities or portions thereof which the Company is redeeming as of the Redemption Date, then, promptly after the Redemption Date, the Paying Agent shall return any such excess to the Company together with interest, if any, thereon.
Section 3.8             No Sinking Fund.
The Securities shall not have a sinking fund.
29
ARTICLE IV
PURCHASE AT THE OPTION OF HOLDERS ON SPECIFIC DATES
Section 4.1             Optional Put.
(iv)          the name and address of the Paying Agent and the Conversion Agent;
(v)           briefly, the conversion rights of the Securities, if any, and that the Holder must satisfy the requirements set forth in this Indenture in order to convert the Securities;
(vi)          the Conversion Rate and any adjustments thereto;
(vii)         that the Securities as to which a Purchase Notice has been given may be converted into Common Stock if they are otherwise convertible pursuant to ARTICLE XII of this Indenture only if the Purchase Notice has been withdrawn in accordance with the terms of this Indenture;
30
(ix)           that the Purchase Price for any Securities as to which a Purchase Notice has been duly given and not withdrawn shall be paid promptly following the later of the Purchase Date and the time of surrender of such Securities as described in Section 4.1(b)(viii);
(x)            the procedures the Holder must follow to exercise its rights under this Section 4.1 and a brief description of such rights;
(xiii)         the CUSIP number(s) of the Securities.
If any of the Securities are in the form of a Global Security, then the Company shall modify such notice to the extent necessary to accord with the procedures of the Depositary applicable to the purchase of Global Securities.
31
integral multiple thereof, and (iv) that such Security shall be purchased pursuant to the terms and conditions specified in the Securities and this Indenture.
Provisions of this Indenture that apply to the purchase of all of a Security pursuant to Section 4.1 through Section 4.7 also apply to the purchase of such portion of such Security.
Anything herein to the contrary notwithstanding, in the case of Global Securities, any Purchase Notice may be delivered or withdrawn and such Securities may be surrendered or delivered for purchase in accordance with the Applicable Procedures as in effect from time to time.
Section 4.2             Effect of Purchase Notice; Withdrawal of Purchase Notice.
Securities in respect of which a Purchase Notice has been given by the Holder thereof may not be converted pursuant to ARTICLE XII on or after the date of the delivery of such Purchase Notice unless such Purchase Notice has first been validly withdrawn as specified in the following paragraph.
32
notice of withdrawal is being submitted, (b) if certificated Securities have been issued, the certificate numbers of the withdrawn Securities, or if not certificated, such notice must comply with Applicable Procedures, and (c) the principal amount, if any, which remains subject to the Purchase Notice.
Section 4.3             Deposit of Purchase Price.
Section 4.4             Securities Purchased in Part.
With respect to any Global Security which is to be purchased only in part, promptly after the applicable Purchase Date the Trustee may make a notation upon such Global Security to reduce the principal amount of the Global Security by the amount of Securities purchased in part.
33
Section 4.5             Covenant to Comply With Securities Laws Upon Purchase of Securities.
When complying with the provisions of ARTICLE IV, and subject to any exemptions available under applicable law as determined by the Company at such time, the Company shall:
(a)           if such offer or purchase constitutes an “issuer tender offer” for purposes of Rule 13e-4 (which term, as used herein, includes any successor provision thereto) under the Exchange Act at the time of such offer or purchase, (i) if applicable, comply with Rule 13e-4 and Rule 14e-1 (or any successor provision) under the Exchange Act and (ii) file the related Schedule TO (or any successor schedule, form or report) if required under the Exchange Act; and
(b)           otherwise comply with all applicable federal and state securities laws so as to permit the rights and obligations under this ARTICLE IV to be exercised in the time and in the manner specified therein.
Section 4.6             Repayment to the Company.
To the extent that the aggregate amount of cash deposited by the Company pursuant to Section 4.3 exceeds the aggregate Purchase Price of the Securities or portions thereof which the Company is obligated to purchase as of the applicable Purchase Date, then, promptly after such Purchase Date, the Paying Agent shall return any such excess to the Company, together with interest, if any, thereon.
Section 4.7             No Purchase Upon Event of Default.
There shall be no purchase of any Securities pursuant to this ARTICLE IV if there has occurred (prior to, on or after, as the case may be, the giving by each of the Holders of such Securities of the required Purchase Notice but, in any event, prior to the applicable Purchase Date) and is continuing, as of such Purchase Date, an Event of Default (other than a default that is cured by the payment of the Purchase Price with respect to such Securities).
ARTICLE V
Section 5.1             Fundamental Change Put.
(a)           In the event that a Fundamental Change shall occur at any time prior to the Stated Maturity, each Holder shall have the right, at the Holder’s option, but subject to the provisions of this Section 5.1, to require the Company to purchase, and upon the exercise of such right, the Company shall purchase, all of such Holder’s Securities, or any portion of the principal
34
(i)            the date of such Fundamental Change and, briefly, the events causing such Fundamental Change;
(v)           the name and address of the Paying Agent and Conversion Agent;
(vi)          briefly, the conversion rights of the Securities, and that the Holder must satisfy the requirements set forth in this Indenture in order to convert the Securities;
(vii)         the Conversion Rate and any adjustment to the Conversion Rate, temporary or permanent, that will result from the Fundamental Change;
(viii)        that the Securities as to which a Fundamental Change Purchase Notice has been given may be converted into Common Stock pursuant to ARTICLE XII of this Indenture only if the Fundamental Change Purchase Notice has been withdrawn in accordance with the terms of this Indenture;
35
(x)            that the Fundamental Change Purchase Price for any Security as to which a Fundamental Change Purchase Notice has been duly given and not withdrawn shall be paid promptly following the later of the Fundamental Change Purchase Date and the time of surrender of such Note as described in Section 5.1(b)(ix);
(xi)           the procedures the Holder must follow to exercise rights under this Section 5.1 and a brief description of such rights;
(xiv)        the CUSIP number(s) of the Securities.
If any of the Securities is in the form of a Global Security, then the Company shall modify such notice to the extent necessary to accord with the procedures of the Depositary applicable to the purchase of Global Securities.
36
Provisions of the Indenture that apply to the purchase of all of a Security also apply to the purchase of such portion of such Security.
Anything herein to the contrary notwithstanding, in the case of Global Securities, any Fundamental Change Purchase Notice may be delivered or withdrawn and such Securities may be surrendered or delivered for purchase in accordance with the Applicable Procedures as in effect from time to time.
(d)           Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section 5.1, the Company shall not be required to issue a Fundamental Change Purchase Notice upon a Fundamental Change if a third party (i) issues a Fundamental Change Purchase Notice in the manner, at the times and otherwise in compliance with the requirements set forth in Section 5.1(b) applicable to a Fundamental Change Purchase Notice made by the Company and otherwise complies with the provisions of this ARTICLE V as if it were the Company, and (ii) purchases and pays for all Securities validly tendered and not withdrawn pursuant to such Fundamental Change Purchase Notice.
Section 5.2             Effect of Fundamental Change Purchase Notice; Withdrawal of Fundamental Change Purchase Notice.
37
Securities in respect of which a Fundamental Change Purchase Notice has been given by the Holder thereof may not be converted pursuant to ARTICLE XII on or after the date of the delivery of such Fundamental Change Purchase Notice unless such Fundamental Change Purchase Notice has first been validly withdrawn as specified in the following paragraph.
Section 5.3             Deposit of Fundamental Change Purchase Price.
38
Section 5.4             Securities Purchased in Part.
With respect to any Global Security which is to be purchased only in part, promptly after the applicable Fundamental Change Purchase Date the Trustee may make a notation upon such Global Security to reduce the principal amount of the Global Security by the amount of Securities purchased in part.
Section 5.5             Covenant to Comply With Securities Laws Upon Purchase of Securities.
When complying with the provisions of this ARTICLE V, and subject to any exemptions available under applicable law as determined by the Company at such time, the Company shall:
(a)           if such offer or purchase constitutes an “issuer tender offer” for purposes of Rule 13e-4 (which term, as used herein, includes any successor provision thereto) under the Exchange Act at the time of such offer or purchase, (i) if applicable, comply with Rule 13e- 4 and Rule 14e-1 (or any successor provision) under the Exchange Act and (ii) file the related Schedule TO (or any successor schedule, form or report) if required under the Exchange Act; and
(b)           otherwise comply with all applicable federal and state securities laws so as to permit the rights and obligations under this ARTICLE V to be exercised in the time and in the manner specified therein.
Section 5.6             Repayment to the Company.
39
ARTICLE VI
COVENANTS
Section 6.1             Payment of Securities.
In addition, pursuant to the Registration Rights Agreement, the Company shall pay Additional Interest, if any, on the Securities on the dates and in the manner provided in the Securities and this Indenture, including as set forth in Section 6.9 hereof.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, so long as the Securities are registered in the name of a Depositary or its nominee, all payments with respect to the Securities shall be made by wire transfer of immediately available funds to the account of the Depositary or its nominee.
At the Stated Maturity, interest (including
40
Contingent Interest and Additional Interest, if any) on Certificated Securities will be payable at the office or agency of the Company described in Section 6.5 herein.
Section 6.2             SEC and Other Reports to the Trustee.
In the event the Company is at any time no longer subject to the reporting requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, it shall continue to provide the Trustee with reports containing substantially the same information as would have been required to be filed with the SEC had the Company continued to have been subject to such reporting requirements.
In such event, such reports shall be provided at the times the Company would have been required to provide reports had it continued to have been subject to such reporting requirements.
The Company also shall comply with the other provisions of TIA § 314(a).
Delivery of such reports, information and documents to the Trustee is for informational purposes only and the Trustee’s receipt of such shall not constitute constructive notice of any information contained therein or determinable from information contained therein, including the Company’s compliance with any of its covenants hereunder (as to which the Trustee is entitled to rely conclusively on Officers’ Certificates).
The Trustee shall have no duty or responsibility to review such reports, information or documents.
The Trustee is hereby authorized and directed to access the EDGAR system for purposes of retrieving the reports so filed.
Compliance with the foregoing shall constitute delivery by the Company of such reports to the Trustee in compliance with the provisions of Section 6.2(a) and TIA § 314(a).
The Trustee shall have no duty to search for or obtain any electronic or other filings that the Company makes with the SEC, regardless of whether such filings are periodic, supplemental or otherwise.
Delivery of the reports, information and documents to the Trustee pursuant to this Section 6.2(b) shall be solely for the purposes of compliance with this Section 6.2(b) and with TIA § 314(a).
The Trustee’s receipt of such reports, information and documents shall not constitute notice to it of the content thereof or of any matter determinable from the content thereof, including the Company’s compliance with any of its covenants hereunder, as to which the Trustee is entitled to rely upon Officers’ Certificates.
Section 6.3             Compliance Certificate.
41
the signers thereof, the Company is in compliance with all conditions and covenants under this Indenture.
Section 6.4             Further Instruments and Acts.
Section 6.5             Maintenance of Office or Agency of the Trustee, Registrar, Paying Agent and Conversion Agent.
The Company shall maintain in the Borough of Manhattan, New York, New York, an office or agency of the Trustee, Registrar, Paying Agent and Conversion Agent where Securities may be presented or surrendered for payment, where Securities may be surrendered for registration of transfer, exchange, redemption, repurchase or conversion and where notices and demands to or upon the Company in respect of the Securities and this Indenture may be served.
The office of the Trustee located at 101 Barclay Street, New York, New York 10286 shall initially be such office or agency for all of the aforesaid purposes.
If at any time the Company shall fail to maintain any such required office or agency or shall fail to furnish the Trustee with the address thereof, such presentations, surrenders, notices and demands may be made or served at the address of the Trustee set forth in Section 15.2.
The Company may also from time to time designate one or more other offices or agencies where the Securities may be presented or surrendered for any or all such purposes and may from time to time rescind such designations; provided, however, that no such designation or rescission shall in any manner relieve the Company of its obligation to maintain an office or agency in the Borough of Manhattan, New York, New York, for such purposes.
Section 6.6             Delivery of Information Required Under Rule 144A.
Prior to the expiration of the holding period applicable to sales of the Securities (and the shares of Common Stock issued upon conversion thereof) under Rule 144(k) of the Securities Act (or any successor provision), upon the request of a Holder or any beneficial owner of Securities or holder or beneficial owner of Common Stock issued upon conversion thereof, the Company shall, during any period in which it is not subject to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, promptly furnish or cause to be furnished the information required pursuant to Rule 144A(d)(4) under the Securities Act to such Holder or any beneficial owner of Securities or holder or beneficial owner of Common Stock issued upon conversion thereof, or to a prospective purchaser of any such security designated by any such holder, as the case may be, to the extent required to permit compliance by such Holder or holder with Rule 144A under the Securities Act in connection with the resale of any such security.
42
Section 6.7             Waiver of Stay, Extension or Usury Laws.
The Company covenants (to the extent that it may lawfully do so) that it shall not at any time insist upon, or plead, or in any manner whatsoever claim or take the benefit or advantage of, any stay or extension law or any usury or other law wherever enacted, now or at any time hereafter in force, which would prohibit or forgive the Company from paying all or any portion of the principal amount, Redemption Price, Purchase Price or Fundamental Change Purchase Price in respect of the Securities, or any interest (including Contingent Interest and Additional Interest, if any) on such amounts, as contemplated herein, or which may affect the covenants or the performance of this Indenture; and the Company (to the extent that it may lawfully do so) hereby expressly waives all benefit or advantage of any such law, and covenants that it shall not hinder, delay or impede the execution of any power herein granted to the Trustee, but shall suffer and permit the execution of every such power as though no such law had been enacted.
Section 6.8             Statement by Officers as to Default.
Section 6.9             Additional Interest.
The Company shall pay Additional Interest, if any, on the Securities as required by the Registration Rights Agreement and as provided in the Securities and this Indenture.
43
pursuant to the applicable procedures of DTC.
Unless and until a Responsible Officer of the Trustee receives at the Corporate Trust Office such a certificate, the Trustee may assume without inquiry that no such Additional Interest is payable.
Section 6.10           Additional Subsidiary Guarantees.
The form of such Subsidiary Guarantee is attached as Exhibit B hereto.
Section 6.11           Contingent Debt Tax Treatment.
The Company agrees, and, by acceptance of a Security, each beneficial holder of a Security will be deemed to have agreed, for U.S. federal income tax purposes, that (i) the Securities are contingent payment debt instruments as defined in Treasury Regulations Section 1.1275-4(b), (ii) each beneficial holder shall be bound by the Company’s application of the Treasury Regulations to the Securities, including the Company’s determination that the rate at which interest will be deemed to accrue on the Securities for U.S. federal income tax purposes will be 7.375% compounded semi-annually, which is the rate comparable to the rate at which the Company would borrow on a noncontingent, nonconvertible basis with terms and conditions
44
otherwise comparable to the Securities, (iii) each beneficial holder shall use the projected payment schedule with respect to the Securities determined by the Company, as required by Treasury Regulations Section 1.1275-4(b)(4)(iv), to determine its interest accruals and adjustments as provided in Treasury Regulations Section 1.1275-4(b), and (iv) the Company and each beneficial holder will not take any position on a tax return inconsistent with (i), (ii), or (iii), unless required by applicable law.
ARTICLE VII
Section 7.1             When Company May Merge or Transfer Assets.
(a)           either (i) the Company is the surviving corporation or (ii) the resulting, surviving or transferee Person is organized and existing under the laws of the United States, any State thereof or the District of Columbia;
(b)           such Person assumes all of the Company’s obligations under the Securities, this Indenture and the Registration Rights Agreement under a supplemental indenture in a form reasonably satisfactory to the Trustee;
For purposes of the foregoing, the transfer (by lease, assignment, sale or otherwise) of the properties and assets of one or more Subsidiaries, which, if such assets were owned by the Company, together with the assets of all of the other Subsidiaries of the Company, would constitute all or substantially all of the properties and assets of the Company, shall be deemed to be the transfer of all or substantially all of the properties and assets of the Company unless such transfer is to the Company or another Subsidiary.
The successor Person formed by such consolidation or into which the Company is merged or the successor Person to which such conveyance, transfer, sale, lease or other disposition is made shall succeed to, and be substituted for, and may exercise every right and power of, the Company under this Indenture with the same effect as if such successor had been named as the Company herein; and thereafter, except in the case of a lease and any obligations the Company may have under a supplemental indenture, the Company shall be discharged from
45
all obligations and covenants under this Indenture, the Securities and the Registration Rights Agreement.
Subject to Section 11.6, the Company, the Trustee and the successor Person shall enter into a supplemental indenture to evidence the succession and substitution of such successor Person and such discharge and release of the Company.
ARTICLE VIII
DEFAULTS AND REMEDIES
Section 8.1             Events of Default.
So long as any Securities are outstanding, each of the following shall be an “Event of Default”:
(a)           the failure by the Company to pay the principal of or premium, if any, on any Security when the same becomes due and payable as therein provided or as provided in this Indenture;
(c)           the failure by the Company to convert any portion of any Security following the exercise by the Holder of the right to convert such Security into cash or a combination of cash and Common Stock pursuant to and in accordance with ARTICLE XII;
(d)           the failure by the Company to redeem any Security, or any portion thereof, called for redemption by the Company pursuant to and in accordance with ARTICLE III;
(e)           the failure by the Company to provide notice in the event of a Fundamental Change in accordance with Section 5.1(b);
(f)            the failure by the Company to purchase any Security, or any portion thereof, in accordance with ARTICLE IV or ARTICLE V, upon the exercise by the Holder of such Holder’s right to require the Company to purchase such Securities pursuant thereto;
(h)           there shall have occurred a default under any mortgage, indenture or instrument under which there may be issued or by which there may be secured or evidenced any Indebtedness for money borrowed by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (or the payment of which is guaranteed by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries) whether such Indebtedness or Subsidiary Guarantee now exists, or is created after the date of this Indenture, which default (i) is
46
(j)            the Company or any Significant Subsidiary, or any group of two or more Subsidiaries that, taken as a whole, would constitute a Significant Subsidiary, pursuant to or under or within the meaning of any Bankruptcy Law:
(i)            commences a voluntary case or proceeding;
(ii)           consents to the entry of any order for relief against it in an involuntary case or proceeding or the commencement of any case against it;
(iii)          consents to the appointment of a Custodian of it or for any substantial part of its property;
(iv)          makes a general assignment for the benefit of its creditors;
(vi)          consents to the filing of such petition or the appointment of or taking possession by a Custodian;
(k)           a court of competent jurisdiction enters an order or decree under any Bankruptcy Law that:
(i)            is for relief against the Company or any Significant Subsidiary in an involuntary case or proceeding, or adjudicates the Company or any Significant Subsidiary insolvent or bankrupt;
(ii)           appoints a Custodian of the Company or any Significant Subsidiary or for any substantial part of the property of either; or
and the order of decree remains unstayed and in effect for 60 days; and
47
(l)            except as permitted by this Indenture, any guarantee of a Guarantor that is a Significant Subsidiary or a group of Guarantors that, taken as a whole, would constitute a Significant Subsidiary, shall be held in any judicial proceeding to be unenforceable or invalid or shall cease for any reason to be in full force and effect or any Guarantor that is a Significant Subsidiary, or any Person acting on behalf of any Guarantor that is a Significant Subsidiary, shall deny or disaffirm its obligations under its guarantee.
Section 8.2             Acceleration.
If an Event of Default specified in Section 8.1(j) or Section 8.1(k) occurs and is continuing, the principal of, and accrued and unpaid interest (including Contingent Interest and Additional Interest, if any) on, all the Securities shall become and be immediately due and payable without any declaration or other act on the part of the Trustee or any Holders.
Section 8.3             Other Remedies.
If an Event of Default occurs and is continuing, the Trustee may, but shall not be obligated to, pursue any available remedy to collect the payment of the principal plus accrued and unpaid interest (including Contingent Interests and Additional Interest, if any) on the Securities or to enforce the performance of any provision of the Securities or this Indenture.
The Trustee may maintain a proceeding even if the Trustee does not possess any of the Securities or does not produce any of the Securities in the proceeding.
A delay or omission by the Trustee or any Holder in exercising any right or remedy accruing upon an Event of Default shall not impair the right or remedy or constitute a waiver of, or acquiescence in, the Event of Default.
No remedy is exclusive of any other remedy.
All available remedies are cumulative.
Section 8.4             Waiver of Past Defaults; Rescission of Acceleration.
The Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Securities then outstanding so accelerated in accordance with Section 8.2 by written notice to the Trustee may, on behalf of the Holders of all such Securities, rescind an acceleration or waive any existing Default or Event of Default and its consequences under this Indenture except a continuing Default or Event of Default in the payment of interest (including Additional Interest, if any) or premium on, or the principal, Redemption Price, Purchase Price or Fundamental Change Purchase Price of any Security, or in respect of a failure to convert any Security into Common Stock (or cash or a combination of cash and Common Stock) as required, or in respect of a covenant or provision hereunder that cannot be modified or amended without the consent of the
48
Holder of each Security outstanding.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 8.4, with respect to a Default in the payment of Additional Interest only, any Holder to whom such Additional Interest was due and payable may rescind an acceleration or waive such existing Default as it relates to such Holder.
This Section 8.4 shall be in lieu of § 316(a)1(B) of the TIA and such § 316(a)1(B) is hereby expressly excluded from this Indenture, as permitted by the TIA
Section 8.5             Control by Majority.
The Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Securities at the time outstanding may direct the time, method and place of conducting any proceeding for any remedy available to the Trustee or of exercising any trust or power conferred on the Trustee.
However, the Trustee may refuse to follow any direction that conflicts with law or this Indenture or that the Trustee determines in good faith is prejudicial to the rights of other Holders or would involve the Trustee in personal liability unless the Trustee is offered indemnity satisfactory to it.
This Section 8.5 shall be in lieu of § 316(a)1(A) of the TIA and such § 316(a)1(A) is hereby expressly excluded from this Indenture, as permitted by the TIA.
Section 8.6             Limitation on Suits.
Except to enforce the right to receive payment of principal, premium (if any), interest or Additional Interest (if any) when due, no Holder of Securities may pursue any remedy with respect to this Indenture or such Securities unless:
(b)           Holders of at least 25% in aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Securities have requested the Trustee to pursue the remedy;
(c)           such Holders have offered the Trustee reasonable security or indemnity satisfactory to it against any loss, liability or expense;
(e)           Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Securities have not given the Trustee a direction inconsistent with such request within such 60-day period.
A Holder may not use this Indenture to prejudice the rights of any other Holder or to obtain a preference or priority over any other Holder.
49
Section 8.7             Rights of Holders to Receive Payment or to Convert.
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Indenture, the right of any Holder to receive payment of the principal, Redemption Price, Purchase Price, Fundamental Change Purchase Price, interest and Additional Interest, if any, in respect of the Securities held by such Holder, on or after the respective due dates expressed in the Securities and in this Indenture, and to convert such Securities in accordance with ARTICLE XII, or to bring suit for the enforcement of any such payment on or after such respective dates or the right to convert, is absolute and unconditional and shall not be impaired or affected adversely without the consent of such Holder.
Section 8.8             Collection Suit by Trustee.
If an Event of Default described in Section 8.1(a), Section 8.1(b), Section 8.1(d) or Section 8.1(f) occurs and is continuing, the Trustee may recover judgment in its own name and as trustee of an express trust against the Company or another obligor on the Securities for the whole amount owing with respect to the Securities and the amounts provided for in Section 9.7.
In case of the pendency of any receivership, insolvency, liquidation, bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement, adjustment, composition or other judicial proceeding relative to the Company or any other obligor upon the Securities or the property of the Company or of such other obligor or their creditors, the Trustee (irrespective of whether the principal, Redemption Price, Purchase Price, Fundamental Change Purchase Price, interest and Additional Interest, if any, in respect of the Securities shall then be due and payable as therein expressed or by declaration or otherwise and irrespective of whether the Trustee shall have made any demand on the Company for the payment of any such amount) shall be entitled and empowered, by intervention in such proceeding or otherwise:
(a)           to file and prove a claim for the whole amount of the principal, Redemption Price, Purchase Price, Fundamental Change Purchase Price, interest and Additional Interest, if any, and to file such other papers or documents as may be necessary or advisable in order to have the claims of the Trustee (including any claim for the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Trustee, its agents and counsel or any other amounts due the Trustee under Section 9.7) and of the Holders allowed in such judicial proceeding, and
and any custodian, receiver, assignee, trustee, liquidator, sequestrator or similar official in any such judicial proceeding is hereby authorized by each Holder to make such payments to the Trustee and, in the event that the Trustee shall consent to the making of such payments directly to the Holders, to pay the Trustee any amount due it for the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Trustee, its agents and counsel, and any other amounts due the Trustee under Section 9.7.
50
Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to authorize the Trustee to authorize or consent to or accept or adopt on behalf of any Holder any plan of reorganization, arrangement, adjustment or composition affecting the Securities or the rights of any Holder thereof, or to authorize the Trustee to vote in respect of the claim of any Holder in any such proceeding.
Section 8.10           Priorities.
SECOND:  to Holders for amounts due and unpaid on the Securities for the principal, Redemption Price, Purchase Price, Fundamental Change Purchase Price, interest (including Contingent Interest and Additional Interest, if any), as the case may be, ratably, without preference or priority of any kind, according to such amounts due and payable on the Securities; and
THIRD:  the balance, if any, to the Company.
Section 8.11           Undertaking for Costs.
In any suit for the enforcement of any right or remedy under this Indenture or in any suit against the Trustee for any action taken or omitted by it as Trustee, a court in its discretion may require the filing by any party litigant (other than the Trustee) in the suit of an undertaking to pay the costs of the suit, and the court in its discretion may assess reasonable costs, including reasonable attorneys’ fees and expenses, against any party litigant in the suit, having due regard to the merits and good faith of the claims or defenses made by the party litigant.
This Section 8.11 does not apply to a suit by the Trustee, a suit by a Holder pursuant to Section 8.7 or a suit by Holders of more than 10% in aggregate principal amount of the Securities at the time outstanding.
This Section 8.11 shall be in lieu of § 315(e) of the TIA and such § 315(e) is hereby expressly excluded from this Indenture, as permitted by the TIA.
ARTICLE IX
TRUSTEE
Section 9.1             Duties of Trustee.
(a)  If an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the Trustee will exercise such of the rights and powers vested in it by this Indenture, and use the same degree of care and skill in its exercise, as a prudent person would exercise or use under the circumstances in the conduct of such person’s own affairs.
(b)           Except during the continuance of an Event of Default:
51
(i)            the duties of the Trustee will be determined solely by the express provisions of this Indenture and the Trustee need perform only those duties that are specifically set forth in this Indenture and no others, and no implied covenants or obligations shall be read into this Indenture against the Trustee; and
(ii)           in the absence of bad faith on its part, the Trustee may conclusively rely, as to the truth of the statements and the correctness of the opinions expressed therein, upon certificates or opinions furnished to the Trustee and conforming to the requirements of this Indenture.
However, in the case of certificates specifically required by any provision herein to be furnished to it, the Trustee will examine the certificates and opinions to determine whether or not they conform to the requirements of this Indenture.
(c)           The Trustee may not be relieved from liabilities for its own negligent action, its own negligent failure to act, or its own willful misconduct, except that:
(i)            this paragraph does not limit the effect of paragraph (b) of this Section 9.1;
(ii)           the Trustee will not be liable for any error of judgment made in good faith by a Responsible Officer, unless it is proved that the Trustee was negligent in ascertaining the pertinent facts; and
(iii)          the Trustee will not be liable with respect to any action it takes or omits to take in good faith in accordance with a direction received by it pursuant to Section 8.5 hereof.
(d)           Whether or not therein expressly so provided, every provision of this Indenture that in any way relates to the Trustee is subject to paragraphs (a), (b), and (c) of this Section 9.1.
(e)           No provision of this Indenture will require the Trustee to expend or risk its own funds or incur any liability.
The Trustee will be under no obligation to exercise any of its rights and powers under this Indenture at the request of any Holders, unless such Holder has offered to the Trustee security and indemnity satisfactory to it against any loss, liability or expense.
(f)            The Trustee will not be liable for interest on any money received by it except as the Trustee may agree in writing with the Company.
Money held in trust by the Trustee need not be segregated from other funds except to the extent required by law.
Section 9.2             Rights of Trustee.
(a)  The Trustee may conclusively rely upon any document (whether in original or facsimile form) believed by it to be genuine and to have been signed or presented by the proper Person.
The Trustee need not investigate any fact or matter stated in the document.
(b)           Before the Trustee acts or refrains from acting, it may require an Officers’ Certificate or an Opinion of Counsel or both.
The Trustee will not be liable for any action it takes or omits to take in good faith in reliance on such Officers’ Certificate or Opinion of Counsel.
The Trustee may consult with counsel of its own selection and the advice of such
52
counsel or any Opinion of Counsel will be full and complete authorization and protection from liability in respect of any action taken, suffered or omitted by it hereunder in good faith and in reliance thereon.
(c)           The Trustee may act through its attorneys and agents and will not be responsible for the misconduct or negligence of any agent appointed with due care.
(d)           The Trustee will not be liable for any action it takes or omits to take in good faith that it believes to be authorized or within the rights or powers conferred upon it by this Indenture.
(e)           Unless otherwise specifically provided in this Indenture, any demand, request, direction or notice from the Company will be sufficient if signed by an Officer of the Company.
(f)            The Trustee will be under no obligation to exercise any of the rights or powers vested in it by this Indenture at the request or direction of any of the Holders unless such Holders have offered to the Trustee reasonable security or indemnity satisfactory to it against the costs, expenses and liabilities that might be incurred by it in compliance with such request or direction.
(g)           In no event shall the Trustee be responsible or liable for special, indirect, or consequential loss or damage of any kind whatsoever (including, but not limited to, loss of profit) irrespective of whether the Trustee has been advised of the likelihood of such loss or damage and regardless of the form of action.
(h)           The Trustee shall not be deemed to have notice of any Default or Event of Default unless a Responsible Officer of the Trustee has actual knowledge thereof or unless written notice of any event which is in fact such a default is received by the Trustee at the Corporate Trustee Office of the Trustee, and such notice references the Securities and this Indenture.
(i)            The rights, privileges, protections, immunities and benefits given to the Trustee, including, without limitation, its right to be indemnified, are extended to, and shall be enforceable by, the Trustee in each of its capacities hereunder, and each agent, custodian and other Person employed to act hereunder.
Section 9.3             Individual Rights of Trustee.
The Trustee in its individual or any other capacity may become the owner or pledgee of Securities and may otherwise deal with the Company or any Affiliate of the Company with the same rights it would have if it were not Trustee.
However, in the event that the Trustee acquires any conflicting interest it must eliminate such conflict within 90 days, apply to the SEC for permission to continue as trustee (if
53
this Indenture has been qualified under the TIA) or resign.
Any Agent may do the same with like rights and duties.
The Trustee is also subject to Sections 9.10 and 9.11 hereof.
Section 9.4             Trustee’s Disclaimer.
The Trustee will not be responsible for and makes no representation as to the validity or adequacy of this Indenture or the Securities, it shall not be accountable for the Company’s use of the proceeds from the Securities or any money paid to the Company or upon the Company’s direction under any provision of this Indenture, it will not be responsible for the use or application of any money received by any Paying Agent other than the Trustee, and it will not be responsible for any statement or recital herein or any statement in the Securities or any other document in connection with the sale of the Securities or pursuant to this Indenture other than its certificate of authentication.
Section 9.5             Notice of Defaults.
Except in the case of a Default or Event of Default in payment of principal of and premium, if any, or interest on, any Note, the Trustee may withhold the notice if and so long as a committee of its Responsible Officers in good faith determines that withholding the notice is in the interests of the Holders of the Securities.
Section 9.6             Reports by Trustee to Holders of the Securities.
The Trustee also will comply with TIA § 313(b)(2).
Section 9.7             Compensation and Indemnity.
The Trustee’s compensation will not be limited by any law on compensation of a trustee of an express trust.
The Company will reimburse the Trustee promptly upon request for all reasonable disbursements, advances and expenses incurred or made by it in addition to the compensation for its services.
Such expenses will include the reasonable compensation, disbursements and expenses of the Trustee’s agents and counsel.
(b)           The Company and the Guarantors, jointly and severally, will indemnify the Trustee against any and all losses, liabilities, claims, damages or expenses incurred by it arising out of or in connection with the acceptance or administration of its duties under this Indenture, including the costs and expenses of enforcing this Indenture against the Company and the Guarantors (including this Section 9.7) and defending itself against any claim (whether asserted by the Company, the Guarantors, any Holder or any other Person) or liability in
54
connection with the exercise or performance of any of its powers or duties hereunder, except to the extent any such loss, liability, claim, damage or expense as shall be determined to have been caused by its own negligence or willful misconduct.
Failure by the Trustee to so notify the Company will not relieve the Company or any of the Guarantors of their obligations hereunder.
The Company or such Guarantor will defend the claim and the Trustee will cooperate in the defense.
The Trustee may have separate counsel and the Company will pay the reasonable fees and expenses of such counsel.
Neither the Company nor any Guarantor need pay for any settlement made without its consent, which consent will not be unreasonably withheld.
(c)           The obligations of the Company and the Guarantors under this Section 9.7 will survive the satisfaction and discharge of this Indenture.
(d)           To secure the Company’s and the Guarantors’ payment obligations in this Section 9.7, the Trustee will have a Lien prior to the Securities on all money or property held or collected by the Trustee, except that held in trust to pay principal and interest on particular Securities.
Such Lien will survive the satisfaction and discharge of this Indenture.
(e)           When the Trustee incurs expenses or renders services after an Event of Default specified in Section 8.1(j) or (k) hereof occurs, the expenses and the compensation for the services (including the fees and expenses of its agents and counsel) are intended to constitute expenses of administration under any Bankruptcy Law.
(f)            The Trustee will comply with the provisions of TIA § 313(b)(2) to the extent applicable.
Section 9.8             Replacement of Trustee.
(i)            the Trustee fails to comply with Section 9.10 hereof;
(ii)           the Trustee is adjudged a bankrupt or an insolvent or an order for relief is entered with respect to the Trustee under any Bankruptcy Law;
(iii)          a custodian or public officer takes charge of the Trustee or its property; or
Within one year after the successor Trustee takes office, the Holders of a majority in principal amount of the
55
then outstanding Securities may appoint a successor Trustee to replace the successor Trustee appointed by the Company.
Notwithstanding replacement of the Trustee pursuant to this Section 9.8, the Company’s obligations under Section 9.7 hereof will continue for the benefit of the retiring Trustee.
Section 9.9                                      Successor Trustee by Merger, etc.
If the Trustee consolidates, merges or converts into, or transfers all or substantially all of its corporate trust business to, another corporation, the successor corporation without any further act will be the successor Trustee.
Section 9.10                                Eligibility; Disqualification.
There will at all times be a Trustee hereunder that is a corporation organized and doing business under the laws of the United States of America or of any state thereof that is authorized under such laws to exercise corporate trustee power, that is subject to supervision or examination by federal or state authorities and that has a combined capital and surplus of at least $100,000,000 as set forth in its most recent published annual report of condition.
This Indenture will always have a Trustee who satisfies the requirements of TIA § 310(a)(1), (2) and (5).
The Trustee is subject to TIA § 310(b).
Section 9.11                                Preferential Collection of Claims Against Company.
The Trustee is subject to TIA § 311(a), excluding any creditor relationship listed in TIA § 311(b).
A Trustee who has resigned or been removed shall be subject to TIA § 311(a) to the extent indicated therein.
ARTICLE X
DISCHARGE OF INDENTURE
Section 10.1                                Discharge of Liability on Securities.
56
Securities have become due and payable (whether at the Stated Maturity or upon acceleration, or on any Redemption Date, Purchase Date or Fundamental Change Purchase Date, or upon conversion) and the Company irrevocably deposits with the Paying Agent or Conversion Agent cash sufficient to pay all amounts due and owing on all outstanding Securities (other than Securities replaced pursuant to Section 2.7) and any Applicable Stock or other property deliverable in respect of converted Securities, and if in either case the Company pays all other sums payable hereunder by the Company, then this Indenture shall, subject to Section 9.7 and subject to the satisfaction of the obligation to make payments due and satisfaction of any obligations of the Company under ARTICLE XII to effect settlement upon conversion of the Securities, cease to be of further effect.
The Trustee shall join in the execution of a document prepared by the Company acknowledging satisfaction and discharge of this Indenture on demand of the Company accompanied by an Officers’ Certificate and Opinion of Counsel and at the cost and expense of the Company.
Section 10.2                                Deposited Monies to Be Held in Trust by Trustee.
Subject to Section 10.3, all monies and other property deposited with the Trustee pursuant to Section 10.1 shall be held in trust for the sole benefit of the Holders.
Such deposited monies and other property shall be applied by the Trustee to the payment, either directly or through any paying agent, to the Holders of the particular Securities for the payment of which such monies and other property have been deposited with the Trustee, of all sums due and to become due thereon for principal and interest (including Contingent Interest and Additional Interest, if any).
Section 10.3                                Repayment to the Company.
After return to the Company, Holders entitled to the cash or securities must look to the Company for payment as general creditors unless an applicable abandoned property law designates another person and the Trustee and the Paying Agent shall have no further liability to the Holders with respect to such cash or securities for that period commencing after the return thereof.
ARTICLE XI
AMENDMENTS
Section 11.1                                Without Consent of Holders of Securities.
The Indenture (including the terms and conditions of the Securities and the Subsidiary Guarantees) may be modified or amended by the Company and the Trustee, without the consent of the Holder of any Security, to:
(a)                                  add to the covenants of the Company for the benefit of the Holders of Securities;
(b)                                 surrender any right or power conferred upon the Company;
57
(c)                                  provide for conversion rights of Holders of Securities if any reclassification or change of the Common Stock or any consolidation, merger or sale of all or substantially all of the Company’s assets occurs;
(d)                                 provide for the assumption of the Company’s or a Guarantor’s obligations to the Holders of Securities and Subsidiary Guarantees in the case of a merger or consolidation or sale of all or substantially all of the Company’s or such Guarantor’s assets, as applicable, pursuant to ARTICLE VII;
(e)                                  increase the Conversion Rate or the interest rate on Securities;
(f)                                    comply with the requirements of the SEC in order to effect or maintain the qualification of this Indenture under the TIA;
(g)                                 make any changes or modifications necessary in connection with the registration of the Common Stock to be issued upon conversion under the Securities Act as contemplated in the Registration Rights Agreement; provided that such change or modification does not, in the good faith opinion of the Board of Directors, materially adversely affect the interests of the Holders of the Securities, taken as a whole;
(h)                                 evidence and provide the acceptance of the appointment of a successor trustee hereunder;
(i)                                     add additional guarantees with respect to the Securities or release Guarantors from Subsidiary Guarantees as provided or permitted by the terms of this Indenture;
(j)                                     cure any ambiguity, mistake, defect or inconsistency;
(k)                                  provide for uncertificated Securities in addition to or in place of certificated Securities;
(l)                                     make any change that would provide any additional rights or benefits to the Holders of Securities or that does not materially adversely affect the legal rights hereunder of any such Holder as determined by the Board of Directors;
(m)                               conform the text of this Indenture or the Securities to any provision of the “Description of Notes” section of the Offering Memorandum to the extent that such provision in the “Description of Notes” was intended to be a verbatim recitation of a provision of this Indenture, the Subsidiary Guarantees or the Securities;
(n)                                 evidence the succession of another person to the Company upon the Securities, and the assumption by any such successor of the Company’s covenants hereunder and in the Securities, in each case in compliance with the provisions of this Indenture;
(o)                                 provide the Holders of Securities with additional rights to require the Company to purchase the Securities on additional Purchase Dates; or
58
(p)                                 add or modify any other provisions herein with respect to matters or questions arising hereunder which the Company and the Trustee may deem necessary or desirable and which will not adversely affect the interests of the Holders of Securities.
Section 11.2                                With Consent of Holders of Securities.
Except as provided below in this Section 11.2, this Indenture or the Securities issued thereunder or the related Subsidiary Guarantees may be amended or supplemented with the consent of the Holders of at least a majority in principal amount of the Securities then outstanding (including, without limitation, consents obtained in connection with a purchase of, or tender offer or exchange offer for, the applicable Securities), and any existing Default or Event of Default or compliance with any provision of this Indenture or the Securities issued hereunder or related Subsidiary Guarantees may be waived with the consent of the Holders of a majority in principal amount of the then outstanding related Securities (including, without limitation, consents obtained in connection with a purchase of, or tender offer or exchange offer for, Securities).
Without the written consent or the affirmative vote of each Holder of Securities affected thereby, an amendment or waiver under this Section 11.2 may not:
(a)                                  reduce the principal amount of Securities whose Holders must consent to an amendment, supplement or waiver;
(b)                                 change the maturity of any Security or the payment date of any installment of interest or Additional Interest, if any, payable on any Security;
(c)                                  reduce the principal amount, Redemption Price, Purchase Price or Fundamental Change Purchase Price of or alter the provisions with respect to the redemption of the Securities (other than provisions relating to the covenants described under ARTICLE IV);
(d)                                 change the currency of payment of principal, Redemption Price, Purchase Price or Fundamental Change Purchase Price of, or interest (including Additional Interest, if any) on, any Security;
(e)                                  release any Guarantor from any of its obligations under its Subsidiary Guarantee or this Indenture, except in accordance with the terms of this Indenture;
(f)                                    impair or adversely affect the manner of calculation or rate of accrual of interest (including Additional Interest, if any) on any Security;
(g)                                 impair the right to institute suit for the enforcement of any payment on or with respect to, or conversion of, any Security;
(h)                                 modify the Company’s obligation to maintain a Paying Agent in New York City;
(i)                                     impair or adversely affect the conversion rights of the Holders of the Securities provided in ARTICLE XII or the purchase rights as provided in ARTICLE IV or V;
59
(j)                                     change the percentage in aggregate principal amount of Securities outstanding necessary to accelerate the Securities, rescind acceleration of the Securities or waive past Defaults; or
(k)                                  make any change in the amendment and waiver provisions under Section 8.4(a) or Section 8.4(b).
It shall not be necessary for the consent of the Holders under this Section 11.2 to approve the particular form of any proposed amendment, but it shall be sufficient if such consent approves the substance thereof.
However, the failure to give such notice to all Holders of Securities, or any defect therein, will not impair or affect the validity of the amendment.
Section 11.3                                Compliance with Trust Indenture Act.
Every supplemental indenture executed pursuant to this Article shall comply with the TIA.
Section 11.4                                Revocation and Effect of Consents, Waivers and Actions.
Until an amendment, waiver or other action by Holders becomes effective, a consent thereto by a Holder of a Security hereunder is a continuing consent by the Holder and every subsequent Holder of that Security or portion of the Security that evidences the same obligation as the consenting Holder’s Security, even if notation of the consent, waiver or action is not made on the Security.
After an amendment, waiver or action becomes effective, it shall bind every Holder.
Section 11.5                                Notation on or Exchange of Securities.
Securities authenticated and delivered after the execution of any supplemental indenture pursuant to this ARTICLE XI may, and shall if required by the Trustee, bear a notation in form approved by the Trustee as to any matter provided for in such supplemental indenture.
If the Company shall so determine, new Securities so modified as to conform, in the opinion of the Trustee and the Board of Directors, to any such supplemental indenture may be prepared and executed by the Company and authenticated and delivered by the Trustee in exchange for outstanding Securities.
Section 11.6                                Trustee to Sign Supplemental Indentures.
The Trustee shall sign any supplemental indenture authorized pursuant to this ARTICLE XI if the amendment contained therein does not adversely affect the rights, duties, liabilities or immunities of the Trustee.
If it does, the Trustee may, but need not, sign such supplemental indenture.
60
(subject to the provisions of Section 9.1) shall be fully protected in relying upon, an Officers’ Certificate and an Opinion of Counsel stating that such amendment is authorized or permitted by this Indenture.
Section 11.7                                Effect of Supplemental Indentures.
Upon the execution of any supplemental indenture under this Article, this Indenture shall be modified in accordance therewith, and such supplemental indenture shall form a part of this Indenture for all purposes; and every Holder of Securities theretofore or thereafter authenticated and delivered hereunder shall be bound thereby.
Section 11.8                                Waiver.
The Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of Securities outstanding may waive compliance with certain provisions of this Indenture relating to the Securities, unless (1) the Company fails to pay principal of or interest (including Additional Interest, if any) on any Security when due and such failure be continuing at such time, (2) the Company fails to convert any Security into cash and common stock as required by this Indenture and such failure be continuing at such time or (3) the Company fails to comply with any of the provisions of this Indenture that would require the consent of the Holder of each outstanding Security to modify or amend and such failure be continuing at such time.
Any Securities held by the Company or by any Person directly or indirectly controlling or controlled by or under direct or indirect common control with the Company shall be disregarded (from both the numerator and denominator) for purposes of determining whether the Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Securities have consented to a modification, amendment or waiver of the terms of this Indenture.
ARTICLE XII
CONVERSION
Section 12.1                                Conversion Right.
The Securities shall be convertible only during the following periods upon the occurrence of one of the following events:
61
(B)                                as provided in Section 12.1(b); or
(D)                               as provided in Section 12.1(b); or
The Company’s obligations in respect of conversion of the Securities as provided above are referred to as the “Conversion Obligation”.
Any notice so given shall be conclusively presumed to have been duly given, whether or not the Holder receives such notice.
In connection with any conversion upon satisfaction of clause (i)(A) or clause (ii)(C) of this Section 12.1(a), the Trading Price of the Securities on any date of determination
62
The Trustee shall have no obligation to determine the Trading Price of the Securities unless the Company has requested such determination; and the Company shall have no obligation to make such request unless a Holder provides the Company with reasonable evidence that the Trading Price per $1,000 principal amount of the Securities would be less than 103% (or 98% after February 1, 2010) of the Conversion Value on such determination date, at which time, the Company shall instruct the Trustee to determine the Trading Price of the Security beginning on the next Trading Day and on each successive Trading Day until the Trading Price is greater than or equal to 103% (or 98% after February 1, 2010) of the Conversion Value
(b)                                 (i)                                     In the event that:
(ii)                                  In the event that:
(A)                              a Fundamental Change as set forth in clause (i) of the definition thereof occurs;
(B)                                a Fundamental Change as set forth in clause (iii) of the definition thereof occurs pursuant to which Common Stock would be converted into cash, securities and/or other property; or
(C)                                a Fundamental Change as set forth in clause (v) of the definition thereof occurs,
63
In addition, at the effective time of such transaction, a Holder’s right to convert its Securities into cash and shares of Common Stock, if any, will be changed into a right to convert the Securities into the kind and amount of cash, securities or other property that the Holder would have received if the Holder had converted the Securities immediately prior to the transaction, except to the extent provided otherwise as described in Section 12.12.
(d)                                 A Holder of Securities shall not be entitled to any rights of a holder of Common Stock until such Holder has converted its Securities to Common Stock, and only to the extent such Securities are deemed to have been converted to Common Stock under this ARTICLE XII.
Section 12.2                                Conversion Procedures; Conversion Rate; Fractional Shares.
Pursuant to Section 12.13, the Company shall determine the amount of cash and the number of shares of Common Stock, if any, that the Holder that submitted the Conversion Notice is entitled to receive upon surrender of the Securities covered by that Conversion Notice.
64
Except as described in Section 12.9, the Company will not make any payment or other adjustment for accrued and unpaid interest or Additional Interest, if any, on any Securities when they are converted.
The Company’s delivery to the Holder of cash, or a combination of cash and Common Stock, as provided in Section 12.13, together with any cash payment for such Holder’s fractional shares, shall be deemed to satisfy the Company’s obligation to pay the principal of the Security and to satisfy its obligation to pay accrued and unpaid interest and Additional Interest, if any, through the conversion date.
As a result, accrued interest and Additional Interest are deemed paid in full rather than cancelled, extinguished or forfeited.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, a Security in respect of which a Holder has delivered a Purchase Notice or a Fundamental Change Purchase Notice, as the case may be, exercising such Holder’s right to require the Company to repurchase such Security may be converted only if such Purchase Notice or Fundamental Change Purchase Notice is withdrawn in accordance with Section 4.2(b) or Section 5.2(b).
Before any such conversion, a Holder also shall pay all funds required, if any, relating to interest or Additional Interest, if any, on the Securities, as provided in Section 12.9, and all taxes or duties, if any, as provided in Section 12.8.
The Company shall not be required to issue Common Stock upon conversion of any such
65
Restricted Security to a Person other than the Holder if such Restricted Security is not so accompanied by a properly completed certification, and the Registrar shall not be required to register Common Stock upon conversion of any such Restricted Security in the name of a Person other than the Holder if such Restricted Security is not so accompanied by a properly completed certification.
(e)                                  If and only to the extent a holder elects to convert Securities “in connection with” (as set forth below) a Fundamental Change described in clause (i) or (iii) of the definition of Fundamental Change that occurs on or prior to February 1, 2011 pursuant to which 10% or more of the consideration for the Common Stock (other than cash payments for fractional shares and cash payments made in respect of dissenters’ appraisal rights) in such Fundamental Change transaction consists of cash or securities (or other property) that are not shares of common stock, depositary receipts or other certificates representing equity interests traded or scheduled to be traded immediately following such transaction on a U.S. national securities exchange or the Nasdaq National Market, the Conversion Rate applicable to such Holder’s conversion will be adjusted by including in the Conversion Rate per $1,000 principal amount of Securities an additional number of shares of Common Stock per $1,000 principal amount of Securities (the “Additional Shares”) as described below; provided, however, that if the Stock Price paid in consideration with such transaction is greater than $150.00 or less than $49.75 (subject in each case to adjustment as described below), no adjustment to the Conversion Rate for Additional Shares shall be made.
Any conversion at any time from and after the date which is on or subsequent to the Effective Date of the transaction constituting a Fundamental Change until and including the date which is 25 days after the actual Effective Date of such transaction (or, if such transaction also results in Holders having a right to require the Company to repurchase their Securities pursuant to Section 5.1, until the Fundamental Change Purchase Date) shall be deemed to be “in connection with” such Fundamental Change.
The number of Additional Shares included in the Conversion Rate in connection with the conversion of Securities as described in the immediately preceding paragraph will be determined by reference to the table attached as Schedule I hereto, based on the Effective Date of such transaction and the Stock Price paid in connection with such transaction; provided that if the Stock Price is between two Stock Price amounts in the table or such Effective Date is between two Effective Dates in the table, the number of Additional Shares will be determined by the Company by a straight-line interpolation between the number of Additional Shares set forth
66
The “Effective Date” with respect to a Fundamental Change transaction means the date on which such Fundamental Change becomes effective.
The Stock Prices set forth in the first row of the table in Schedule I hereto (i.e., the column headers) will be adjusted as of any date on which the Conversion Rate of the Securities is adjusted pursuant to Section 12.3.
The adjusted Stock Prices will equal the product of the Stock Prices applicable immediately prior to such adjustment, multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which is the Conversion Rate immediately prior to the adjustment giving rise to the Conversion Rate adjustment and the denominator of which is the Conversion Rate as so adjusted.
The number of Additional Shares will be adjusted in the same manner and for the same events as the Conversion Rate as set forth in Section 12.3.
Section 12.3                                Adjustment of Conversion Rate.
The Conversion Rate shall be adjusted from time to time by the Company as follows (provided that the Company will not make any adjustments to the Conversion Rate if Holders participate, as a result of holding Securities, in any of the transactions described below in this Section 12.3 without having to convert their Securities):
(a)                                  If the Company issues shares of Common Stock as a dividend or distribution on shares of Common Stock, or if the Company effects a share split or share combination, the Conversion Rate will be adjusted based on the following formula:
CR1 = CR0
´
OS1
OS0
where,
CR0
=
the Conversion Rate in effect immediately prior to such event
CR1
=
the Conversion Rate in effect immediately after such event
OS0
=
the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately prior to such event
OS1
=
the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after such event
67
An adjustment made pursuant to this subsection (a) shall become effective on the date immediately after (x) the date fixed for the determination of stockholders entitled to receive such dividend or other distribution or (y) the date on which such split or combination becomes effective, as applicable.
If any dividend or distribution described in this subsection (a) is declared but not so paid or made, the Conversion Rate shall again be adjusted to the Conversion Rate that would then be in effect if such dividend or distribution had not been declared.
CR1 = CR0
´
OS0 + X
OS0 + Y
where,
CR0
=
the Conversion Rate in effect immediately prior to such event
CR1
=
the Conversion Rate in effect immediately after such event
OS0
=
the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately prior to such event
X
=
the total number of shares of Common Stock issuable pursuant to such rights, warrants or other convertible securities
Y
=
the number of shares of Common Stock equal to the aggregate exercise price payable to exercise such rights, warrants or other convertible securities divided by the average of the Closing Sale Prices of the Common Stock for the 10 consecutive Trading Day period ending on the Trading Day immediately preceding the Record Date for the issuance of such rights, warrants or other convertible securities
An adjustment made pursuant to this subsection (b) shall be made successively whenever such rights, warrants or other convertible securities are issued, and shall become effective on the day following the date of announcement of such issuance.
If, at the end of the period during which such rights, warrants or other convertible securities are exercisable or convertible, not all rights, warrants or other convertible securities have been exercised or converted, as the case may be, the adjusted Conversion Rate shall be immediately readjusted to what it would have been based upon the number of additional shares of Common Stock actually issued (or the number of shares of Common Stock actually issued upon conversion of convertible securities actually issued).
For purposes of Section 12.1(b) and this Section 12.3(b), in determining whether such rights, warrants or convertible securities entitle the Holder to subscribe for or purchase or
68
exercise a conversion right for shares of Common Stock at less than the average Closing Sale Price of the Common Stock, and in determining the aggregate exercise or conversion price payable for such shares of Common Stock, there shall be taken into account any consideration received by the Company for such rights, warrants or other convertible securities and any amount payable on exercise or conversion thereof, with the value of such consideration, if other than cash, to be determined by the Board of Directors.
(c)                                  If the Company distributes shares of the Company’s capital stock, evidences of the Company’s Indebtedness or other assets or property of the Company or its subsidiaries to all or substantially all of the holders of shares of Common Stock, excluding:
(i)                                     dividends, distributions and rights, warrants, options or convertible securities referred to in clauses (a) or (b) above; and
(ii)                                  dividends or distributions paid exclusively in cash, and
(iii)                               Spin-offs described below,
then the Conversion Rate will be adjusted based on the following formula:
CR1 = CR0
´
SP0 + X
SP0 - FMV
where,
CR0
=
the Conversion Rate in effect immediately prior to such distribution
CR1
=
the Conversion Rate in effect immediately after such distribution
SP0
=
FMV
=
the Fair Market Value (as determined by the Board of Directors) of the shares of capital stock, evidences of Indebtedness, assets or property distributed with respect to each outstanding share of Common Stock on the Record Date for such distribution
An adjustment made pursuant to the above paragraph shall be made successively whenever any such distribution is made and shall become effective on the day immediately after the dated fixed for the determination of shareholders entitled to receive such distribution.
With respect to an adjustment pursuant to this subsection (c) where there has been a payment of a dividend or other distribution on the Common Stock of shares of capital stock of any class or series, or similar Equity Interest, of or relating to a Subsidiary or other business unit of the Company (referred to as a “spin-off”), the Conversion Rate in effect immediately before the close of business on the Record Date fixed for determination of shareholders entitled to receive the distribution will be increased based on the following formula:
69
CR1 = CR0
´
FMV0 + MP0
MP0
where,
CR0
=
the Conversion Rate in effect immediately prior to such distribution
CR1
=
the Conversion Rate in effect immediately after such distribution
FMV0
=
MP0
=
The adjustment to the Conversion Rate under the preceding paragraph will occur on the tenth Trading Day after the effective date of the spin-off.
If any such dividend or distribution described in this subsection (c) is declared but not paid or made, the Conversion Rate shall again be adjusted to be the Conversion Rate that would then be in effect if such dividend or distribution had not been declared.
CR1 = CR0
´
SP0
SP0 - C
where,
CR0
=
the Conversion Rate in effect immediately prior to the Record Date for such distribution
CR1
=
the Conversion Rate in effect immediately after the Record Date for such distribution
SP0
=
C
=
70
Following any transaction or event where the Securities are convertible, in accordance with this Indenture, into property that includes shares of common stock other than Common Stock, the Dividend Threshold Amount will be the Dividend Threshold Amount immediately prior to the effective date of such transaction or event multiplied by a fraction, (a) the numerator of which is (i) if such shares are traded on a U.S. national or regional securities exchange or quoted on the Nasdaq, the average of the Last Reported Sale Prices of such shares for the five Trading Day period commencing on the Trading Day immediately following such effective date and (ii) otherwise, the Fair Market Value of such shares as determined in good faith by the Board of Directors and (b) the denominator of which is the average of the Last Reported Sale Prices of Common Stock for the five trading day period ending on the Trading Day immediately preceding such effective date.
An adjustment made pursuant to this subsection (d) shall become effective on the date immediately after the Record Date for the determination of shareholders entitled to receive such dividend or distribution.
If any dividend or distribution described in this subsection (d) is declared but not so paid or made, the Conversion Rate shall again be adjusted to the Conversion Rate that would then be in effect if such dividend or distribution had not been declared.
CR1 = CR0
´
AC + (SP1 ´ OS1)
OS0 ´ SP1
where,
CR0
=
CR1
=
AC
=
the aggregate value of all cash and other consideration (as determined by the Board of Directors) paid or payable for shares of Common Stock that the Company or one of its Subsidiaries purchased in the tender offer or exchange offer
OS0
=
the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately prior to the date such tender offer or exchange offer expires
OS1
=
the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after the date such tender offer or exchange offer expires
SP1
=
71
Any adjustment made pursuant to this subsection (e) shall become effective on the date immediately following the Expiration Time.
If the Company is obligated to purchase shares of Common Stock pursuant to any such tender or exchange offer, but the Company is permanently prevented by applicable law from effecting any such purchases or all such purchases are rescinded, the Conversion Rate shall again be adjusted to be the Conversion Rate that would be in effect if such tender or exchange offer had not been made.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the application of the foregoing formula set forth in this Section 12.3(e) would result in a decrease in the Conversion Rate, no adjustment to the Conversion Rate will be made pursuant to this Section 12.3(e).
(f)                                    To the extent that the Company has a shareholder rights plan in effect upon the conversion of the Securities into Common Stock, a Holder will receive (except to the extent that the Company settles its Conversion Obligations entirely in cash), in addition to the Common Stock, the rights under the shareholder rights plan unless the rights have separated from the Common Stock prior to the time of conversion, in which case the Conversion Rate will be adjusted at the time of separation as if the Company made a distribution referred to in clause (c) above had occurred, subject to readjustment in the event of the expiration,  termination or redemption of such rights.
(g)                                 For purposes of this ARTICLE XII, the following terms shall have the meanings indicated:
“Fair Market Value” means the amount which a willing buyer would pay a willing seller in an arm’s length transaction (as determined by the Board of Directors, whose determination shall be made in good faith and, absent manifest error, shall be final and binding on Holders of the Securities).
“Record Date” means, with respect to any dividend, distribution or other transaction or event in which the holders of Common Stock have the right to receive any cash, securities or other property or in which the Common Stock (or other applicable security) is exchanged for or converted into any combination of cash, securities or other property, the date fixed for determination of stockholders entitled to receive such cash, securities or other property (whether such date is fixed by the Board of Directors or by statute, contract or otherwise).
(h)                                 The Company shall be entitled to make such additional increases in the Conversion Rate, in addition to those required by Section 12.3(a), Section 12.3(b), Section 12.3(c), Section 12.3(d) or Section 12.3(e) if the Board of Directors determines that it is advisable, in order that any dividend or distribution of Common Stock, any subdivision, reclassification or combination of Common Stock or any issuance of rights or warrants referred to above, or any event treated as such for United States federal income tax purposes, shall not be taxable to the holders of Common Stock for United States federal income tax purposes or to diminish any such tax.
72
(i)                                     To the extent permitted by applicable law, the Company may, from time to time, increase the Conversion Rate by any amount for any period of time if the Board of Directors determines that such increase would be in the best interest of the Company.
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Section 12.3, the Company shall not be required to make any adjustment of the Conversion Rate unless such adjustment would require an increase or decrease of at least 1% in the Conversion Rate as last adjusted.
Any lesser adjustment shall be carried forward and shall be made at the earlier of (i) the time of and together with the next subsequent adjustment which, together with any adjustment or adjustments so carried forward, shall amount to an increase or decrease of at least 1% in the Conversion Rate as last adjusted or (ii) in connection with any conversion of the Securities following a call for redemption, the occurrence of a Fundamental Change or at Stated Maturity, as applicable.
Any adjustments under this Section 12.3 shall be made successively whenever an event requiring such an adjustment occurs.
(l)                                     In the event that at any time, as a result of an adjustment made pursuant to this Section 12.3, the Holder of any Securities thereafter surrendered for conversion shall become entitled to receive any shares of Applicable Stock of the Company other than Common Stock into which the Securities originally were convertible, the Conversion Rate of such other shares so receivable upon conversion of any such Security shall be subject to adjustment from time to time in a manner and on terms as nearly equivalent as practicable to the provisions with respect to Common Stock contained in subparagraphs (a) through (k) of this Section 12.3, and the provisions of Section 12.1, Section 12.2 and Section 12.4 through Section 12.9 with respect to the Common Stock shall apply on like or similar terms to any such other shares (including, without limitation, the determination of whether the conditions to conversion provided in Section 12.1 have been satisfied).
(m)                               No adjustment shall be made pursuant to this Section 12.3 if the effect thereof would be to reduce the Conversion Price below the par value (if any) of the Common Stock.
73
Section 12.4                                Consolidation or Merger of the Company.
If any of the following events occurs, namely:
(a)                                  any reclassification or change of the outstanding shares of Common Stock (other than a change in par value, or from par value to no par value, or from no par value to par value, or as a result of a subdivision or combination);
(b)                                 any consolidation, merger or binding share exchange as a result of which holders of Common Stock shall be entitled to receive stock, securities or other property or assets (including cash) with respect to or in exchange for such Common Stock; or
(c)                                  any sale, transfer, lease, conveyance or other disposition of all or substantially all of the properties and assets of the Company to any other Person;
in each case, in a transaction in which holders of Common Stock shall be entitled to receive stock, other securities, other property, assets or cash (“Reference Property”) with respect to or in exchange for such Common Stock, then as of the effective time of such transaction, and unless the Company has elected to follow the provisions of Section 12.12, the Company or the successor or purchasing Person, as the case may be, shall execute with the Trustee a supplemental indenture (which shall comply with the TIA as in force at the date of execution of such supplemental indenture, if such supplemental indenture is then required to so comply) providing that such Securities shall be convertible into cash up to the Base Amount and Reference Property, if any, based on the twenty day average price of the Reference Property and the Applicable Conversion Rate and assuming such holder of Common Stock exercised his rights of election, if any, as to the kind or amount of Reference Property receivable upon such reclassification, change, merger, consolidation, binding share exchange, combination, sale or conveyance in the same manner as the majority of the holders of Common Stock or, if there is no such majority, by a plurality of the holders of Common Stock.
Such supplemental indenture shall provide for adjustments which shall be as nearly equivalent as may be practicable to the adjustments provided for in this ARTICLE XII and, to the extent applicable, reflect the other types of adjustments provided for in Section 12.3(l).
If, in the case of any such reclassification, change, merger, consolidation, binding share exchange, combination, sale or conveyance, the Reference Property receivable thereupon by a holder of Common Stock includes shares of stock or other securities and assets of a Person other than the successor or purchasing Person, as the case may be, in such reclassification, change, merger, consolidation, binding share exchange, combination, sale or conveyance, then such supplemental indenture shall also be executed by such other Person and shall contain such additional provisions to protect the interests of the Holders of the Securities as the Board of Directors shall reasonably consider necessary by reason of the foregoing including the provisions providing for the repurchase rights set forth in ARTICLE IV and ARTICLE V.  In the event holders of Common Stock have the opportunity to elect the form of consideration to be received in such transaction, the Company will, subject to the provisions of Section 12.3, make adequate provision whereby the Holders shall have a reasonable opportunity to determine the form of consideration into which the Securities shall be convertible from and after the effective date of such transaction, in each case, for purposes of all outstanding Securities, treated as a single class.
74
Failure to deliver such notice shall not affect the legality or validity of such supplemental indenture.
The above provisions of this Section 12.4 shall similarly apply to successive reclassifications, mergers, consolidations, binding share exchanges, combinations, sales and conveyances.
If this Section 12.4 applies to any event or occurrence, Section 12.3 shall not apply.
Notwithstanding this Section 12.4, if a Public Acquirer Change of Control occurs and the Company elects to adjust its Conversion Obligation and the Conversion Price pursuant to Section 12.12, the provisions of Section 12.12 shall apply to the conversion instead of this Section 12.4.
Any additional shares of Common Stock that a holder is entitled to receive upon conversion pursuant to Section 12.2(e), if applicable, shall not be payable in shares of Common Stock, but shall represent a right to receive the aggregate amount of Reference Property into which the additional shares of Common Stock would convert as a result of such recapitalization, change, consolidation, merger, sale, lease, transfer, conveyance or other disposition.
Section 12.5                                Notice of Adjustment.
Whenever an adjustment in the Conversion Rate with respect to the Securities is required:
Any notice so given shall be conclusively presumed to have been duly given, whether or not the Holder receives such notice.
Section 12.6                                Notice in Certain Events.
In case of:
(a)                                  a consolidation or merger to which the Company is a party and for which approval of any holders of Common Stock of the Company is required, or of the sale or conveyance to another Person or entity or group of Persons or entities acting in concert as a partnership, limited partnership, syndicate or other group (within the meaning of Rules 13d-3
75
and 13d-5 under the Exchange Act) of all or substantially all of the property and assets of the Company; or
(b)                                 the voluntary or involuntary dissolution, liquidation or winding up of the Company; or
(c)                                  any action triggering an adjustment of the Conversion Rate referred to in clauses (x) or (y) below;
(x)                                   the date on which a record is to be taken for the purpose of any distribution or grant of rights, warrants, options or other securities triggering an adjustment to the Conversion Rate pursuant to this ARTICLE XII, or, if a record is not to be taken, the date as of which the holders of record of Common Stock entitled to such distribution, rights, warrants, options or other securities are to be determined; or
(y)                                 the date on which any reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, conveyance, dissolution, liquidation or winding up triggering an adjustment to the Conversion Rate pursuant to this ARTICLE XII is expected to become effective, and the date as of which it is expected that holders of Common Stock of record shall be entitled to exchange their shares of Common Stock for securities or other property deliverable upon such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, conveyance, dissolution, liquidation or winding up.
Failure to give such notice or any defect therein shall not affect the legality or validity of the proceedings described in Section 12.6(a), Section 12.6(b) or Section 12.6(c).
Section 12.7                                Company To Reserve Stock; Listing; Corporate Action.
(a)                                  The Company shall, prior to issuance of any Securities hereunder, and from time to time as may be necessary, reserve and keep available, free from preemptive rights, out of its authorized but unissued Common Stock, for the purpose of effecting the conversion of the Securities, such number of shares of its duly authorized Common Stock as shall from time to time be sufficient to effect the conversion of all Securities then outstanding into such Common Stock in accordance with the terms hereof at any time (assuming that, at the time of the computation of such number of shares of Common Stock, all such Securities would be held by a single Holder).
The Company covenants that all Common Stock which may be issued upon conversion of Securities shall upon issue be fully paid and nonassessable and free from all liens and charges and, except as provided in Section 12.8, taxes with respect to the issue thereof.
(b)                                 The Company further covenants that, if at any time the Common Stock shall be listed on the New York Stock Exchange or any other national securities exchange or quoted on the Nasdaq National Market or any other automated quotation system, the Company will, if permitted by the rules of such exchange or automated quotation system, list and keep listed or quoted, so long as the Common Stock shall be so listed or quoted on such exchange or automated quotation system, all Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the Securities; provided that so long as no delay in listing or quotation will occur upon conversion of the Securities into Common Stock, if the rules of such exchange or
76
automated quotation system permit the Company to defer the listing or quotation of such Common Stock until the first conversion of the Securities into Common Stock in accordance with the provisions of this Indenture, the Company covenants to obtain the listing or quotation of such Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the Securities in accordance with the requirements of such exchange or automated quotation system at such time.
Section 12.8                                Taxes on Conversion.
The issue of stock certificates on conversion of Securities shall be made without charge to the converting Holder for any documentary, stamp or similar issue or transfer taxes in respect of the issue thereof, and the Company shall pay any and all documentary, stamp or similar issue or transfer taxes that may be payable in respect of the issue or delivery of Common Stock on conversion of Securities pursuant hereto.
The Company shall not, however, be required to pay any such tax which may be payable in respect of any transfer involved in the issue or delivery of Common Stock or the portion, if any, of the Securities which are not so converted in a name other than that in which the Securities so converted were registered, and no such issue or delivery shall be made unless and until the Person requesting such issue has paid to the Company the amount of such tax or has established to the satisfaction of the Company that such tax has been paid.
Section 12.9                                Conversion After Record Date.
Except as provided in the succeeding paragraph, upon conversion, the Holder of Securities shall not be entitled to receive any accrued and unpaid interest or Additional Interest (other than overdue interest), if any.
The preceding sentence does not apply to (1) Securities that are converted after being called by the Company for redemption or (2) any overdue interest existing at the time of conversion with respect to the Securities converted, but only to the extent of the amount of such overdue interest.
Accordingly, under the circumstances described in clause (1), notwithstanding
77
Except as described in Section 12.2(a) and this Section 12.9, the Company will not make any payment in cash or Common Stock or other adjustment for accrued and unpaid interest or Additional Interest on any Securities when they are converted.
Section 12.10                          Company Determination Final.
Except as otherwise provided herein or the Securities, the Company or its agents shall be responsible for making all calculations required under the terms of this ARTICLE XII.
Any determination that the Board of Directors must make pursuant to this ARTICLE XII shall be set forth in a Board Resolution, shall be made in good faith and, absent manifest error, shall be final and binding on holders of the Securities.
Any determination that the Company (but not the Board of Directors) must make pursuant to this ARTICLE XII shall be made in good faith and, absent manifest error, shall be final and binding on holders of the Securities.
Section 12.11                          Responsibility of Trustee for Conversion Provisions.
The Trustee has no duty to determine when an adjustment under this ARTICLE XII should be made, how it should be made or what it should be.
The Trustee makes no representation as to the validity or value of any securities or assets issued upon conversion of Securities.
The Trustee shall not be responsible for any failure of the Company to comply with this ARTICLE XII.
Each Conversion Agent other than the Company shall have the same protection under this Section 12.11 as the Trustee.
The rights, privileges, protections, immunities and benefits given to the Trustee under this Indenture including, without limitation, its rights to be indemnified, are extended to, and shall be enforceable by, other than the Company, the Trustee in each of its capacities hereunder, and each Paying Agent or Conversion Agent, other than the Company, acting hereunder.
Section 12.12                          Conversion in Connection with a Public Acquirer Change of Control.
78
(i)                                     the numerator of which will be (A) in the case of a share exchange, consolidation, merger or binding share exchange, pursuant to which the Common Stock is converted into cash, securities or other property, the value of all cash, securities and other property (as determined by the Board of Directors) paid or payable per share of Common Stock or (B) in the case of any other Public Acquirer Change of Control, the average of the Closing Sale Price of the Common Stock for the 10 consecutive Trading Days prior to but excluding the effective date of such Public Acquirer Change of Control, and
(ii)                                  the denominator of which will be the average of the Closing Sale Prices of the Public Acquirer Common Stock for the 10 consecutive Trading Days commencing on the Trading Day next succeeding the effective date of such Public Acquirer Change of Control.
(c)                                  If the Company elects to make the adjustment to the Conversion Rate and the related Conversion Obligations as described in this Section 12.12 in the event of a Public Acquirer Change of Control, holders of Securities will not be entitled to receive any Additional Shares pursuant to Section 12.2(e).
Section 12.13                          Payment Upon Conversion.
The “Applicable Conversion Period” means the 20 consecutive Trading Day period commencing after (and including) the third Trading Day following the conversion date.
79
The Conversion Value, Base Amount, and Excess Value will be determined by the Company promptly after the end of the Applicable Conversion Period.
(c)                                  If a Holder tenders Securities for conversion and the Conversion Value is being determined at a time when the Securities are convertible into other property in addition to or in lieu of Common Stock, the Conversion Value of each Security will be determined based on the kind and amount of shares of stock, securities or other property or assets (including cash or any combination thereof) that a Holder of a number of shares of Common Stock equal to the Conversion Rate would have owned or been entitled to receive in such transaction and the value thereof as determined pursuant to Section 12.13(a).
ARTICLE XIII
Section 13.1                                Guarantee.
(a)  Subject to this Article 13, each of the Guarantors hereby, jointly and severally, unconditionally guarantees (a “Subsidiary Guarantee”) to each Holder of a Note authenticated and delivered by the Trustee and to the Trustee and its successors and assigns, irrespective of the validity and enforceability of this Indenture, the Securities or the obligations of the Company hereunder or thereunder, that:
(i)                                     the principal of, premium, if any, and interest on the Securities will be promptly paid in full when due, whether at maturity, by acceleration, redemption or otherwise, and interest on the overdue principal of and interest on the Securities, if any, if lawful, and all other obligations of the Company to the Holders or the Trustee hereunder or thereunder will be promptly paid in full, all in accordance with the terms hereof and thereof; and
(ii)                                  in case of any extension of time of payment or renewal of any Securities or any of such other obligations, that same will be promptly paid in full when due or
80
performed in accordance with the terms of the extension or renewal, whether at stated maturity, by acceleration or otherwise.
Failing payment when due of any amount so guaranteed, for whatever reason, the Guarantors will be jointly and severally obligated to pay the same immediately.
Each Guarantor agrees that this is a guarantee of payment and not a guarantee of collection.
(b)                                 The Guarantors hereby agree that their obligations hereunder are unconditional, irrespective of the validity, regularity or enforceability of the Securities or this Indenture, the absence of any action to enforce the same, any waiver or consent by any Holder of the Securities with respect to any provisions hereof or thereof; the recovery of any judgment against the Company, any action to enforce the same or any other circumstance which might otherwise constitute a legal or equitable discharge or defense of a guarantor.
Each Guarantor hereby waives diligence, presentment, demand of payment, filing of claims with a court in the event of insolvency or bankruptcy of the Company, any right to require a proceeding first against the Company, protest, notice and all demands whatsoever and covenant that this Subsidiary Guarantee will not be discharged except by complete performance of the obligations contained in the Securities and this Indenture.
(c)                                  If any Holder or the Trustee is required by any court or otherwise to return to the Company, the Guarantors or any custodian, trustee, liquidator or other similar official acting in relation to either the Company or the Guarantors, any amount paid by either to the Trustee or such Holder, this Subsidiary Guarantee, to the extent theretofore discharged, will be reinstated in full force and effect.
(d)                                 Each Guarantor agrees that it will not be entitled to any right of subrogation in relation to the Holders in respect of any obligations guaranteed hereby until payment in full of all obligations guaranteed hereby.
Each Guarantor further agrees that, as between the Guarantors, on the one hand, and the Holders and the Trustee, on the other hand, (1) the maturity of the obligations guaranteed hereby may be accelerated as provided in Article VIII hereof for the purposes of this Subsidiary Guarantee, notwithstanding any stay, injunction or other prohibition preventing such acceleration in respect of the obligations guaranteed hereby, and (2) in the event of any declaration of acceleration of such obligations as provided in Article VIII hereof, such obligations (whether or not due and payable) will forthwith become due and payable by the Guarantors for the purpose of this Subsidiary Guarantee.
The Guarantors will have the right to seek contribution from any non-paying Guarantor so long as the exercise of such right does not impair the rights of the Holders under the Subsidiary Guarantee.
Section 13.2                                Limitation on Guarantor Liability.
Each Guarantor, and by its acceptance of Securities, each Holder, hereby confirms that it is the intention of all such parties that the Subsidiary Guarantee of such Guarantor not constitute a fraudulent transfer or conveyance for purposes of Bankruptcy Law, the Uniform Fraudulent Conveyance Act, the Uniform Fraudulent Transfer Act or any similar federal or state law to the extent applicable to any Subsidiary Guarantee.
To effectuate the foregoing intention, the Trustee, the Holders and the Guarantors hereby irrevocably agree that the obligations of such Guarantor will be limited to the maximum amount that will, after giving effect to such maximum amount and all other contingent and fixed liabilities of such Guarantor that are relevant under such laws, and after giving effect to any
81
collections from, rights to receive contribution from or payments made by or on behalf of any other Guarantor in respect of the obligations of such other Guarantor under this Article XIII, result in the obligations of such Guarantor under its Subsidiary Guarantee not constituting a fraudulent transfer or conveyance.
Section 13.3                                Execution and Delivery of Subsidiary Guarantee.
Each Guarantor hereby agrees that its Subsidiary Guarantee set forth in Section 13.1 hereof will remain in full force and effect notwithstanding any failure to endorse on each Note a notation of such Subsidiary Guarantee.
If an Officer whose signature is on this Indenture or on the Subsidiary Guarantee no longer holds that office at the time the Trustee authenticates the Note on which a Subsidiary Guarantee is endorsed, the Subsidiary Guarantee will be valid nevertheless.
The delivery of any Note by the Trustee, after the authentication thereof hereunder, will constitute due delivery of the Subsidiary Guarantee set forth in this Indenture on behalf of the Guarantors.
In the event that the Company or any of its Subsidiaries creates or acquires any Domestic Subsidiary after the date of this Indenture, if required by Section 6.10 hereof, the Company will cause such Domestic Subsidiary to comply with the provisions of Section 6.10 hereof and this Article XIII, to the extent applicable.
Section 13.4                                Guarantors May Consolidate, etc., on Certain Terms.
No Guarantor may sell or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of its assets to, or consolidate with or merge with or into (whether or not such Guarantor is the surviving Person) another Person, other than the Company or another Guarantor, unless (a) immediately after giving effect to such transaction, no Default or Event of Default exists, and (b) the Person acquiring the property in any such sale or disposition or the Person formed by or surviving any such consolidation or merger assumes all the obligations of that Guarantor under this Indenture and its Subsidiary Guarantee pursuant to a supplemental indenture in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Trustee, on the terms set forth herein or therein.
In case of any such consolidation, merger, sale or conveyance and upon the assumption by the successor Person, by supplemental indenture, executed and delivered to the Trustee and satisfactory in form to the Trustee, of the Subsidiary Guarantee endorsed upon the Securities and the due and punctual performance of all of the covenants and conditions of this Indenture to be performed by the Guarantor, such successor Person will succeed to and be substituted for the Guarantor with the same effect as if it had been named herein as a Guarantor.
Such successor Person thereupon may cause to be signed any or all of the Subsidiary Guarantees to be endorsed upon all of the Securities issuable hereunder which theretofore shall not have
82
All the Subsidiary Guarantees so issued will in all respects have the same legal rank and benefit under this Indenture as the Subsidiary Guarantees theretofore and thereafter issued in accordance with the terms of this Indenture as though all of such Subsidiary Guarantees had been issued at the date of the execution hereof.
Except as set forth in Articles VI and VII hereof and notwithstanding clauses (1) and (2) above, nothing contained in this Indenture or in any of the Securities will prevent any consolidation or merger of a Guarantor with or into the Company or another Guarantor, or will prevent any sale or conveyance of the property of a Guarantor as an entirety or substantially as an entirety to the Company or another Guarantor.
Section 13.5                                Releases.
(b)                                 upon satisfaction and discharge of this Indenture in accordance with Section 10.1.
Any Guarantor not released from its obligations under its Subsidiary Guarantee as provided in this Section 13.5 will remain liable for the full amount of principal of and interest on the Securities and for the other obligations of any Guarantor under this Indenture as provided in this Article XIII.
ARTICLE XIV
CONTINGENT INTEREST
Section 14.1                                Contingent Interest.
83
The Company may change the Bid Solicitation Agent, but the Bid Solicitation Agent will not be an affiliate of the Company.
The Bid Solicitation Agent’s sole responsibility pursuant to this Section 14.1 shall be to obtain the Trading Price of the Securities for each Trading Day during the applicable five Trading Day period and to provide such information to the Company.
The Company shall determine whether Holders are entitled to receive Contingent Interest, and if so, provide notice pursuant to Section 14.3.
Notwithstanding any term contained in this Indenture or any other document to the contrary, the Bid Solicitation Agent shall have no responsibilities, duties or obligations for or with respect to (i) determining whether the Company must pay Contingent Interest or (ii) determining the amount of Contingent Interest, if any, payable by the Company.
Section 14.2                                Payment of Contingent Interest.
Contingent Interest due under this ARTICLE XIV shall be treated for all purposes of this Indenture like any other interest accruing on the Securities.
Section 14.3                                Contingent Interest Notification.
The Company may unilaterally increase the amount of Contingent Interest it may pay or pay interest or other amounts it is not obligated to pay, but the Company will have no obligation to do so.
ARTICLE XV
MISCELLANEOUS
Section 15.1                                Trust Indenture Act Controls.
If any provision of this Indenture limits, qualifies, or conflicts with the duties imposed by § 318(c) of the TIA, such section of the TIA shall control.
If any provision of this Indenture expressly modifies or excludes any provision of the TIA that may be so modified or excluded under the TIA, the Indenture provision so modifying or excluding such provision of the TIA shall be deemed to apply.
Section 15.2                                Notices.
DRS Technologies, Inc.
5 Sylvan Way
Telecopier No.
Attention:  Chief Financial Officer
84
Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom LLP
Four Times Square
New York, New York 10036
Telecopier No.
The Bank of New York
Telecopier No.
Attention:  Corporate Trust Administration
Section 15.3                                Communication by Holders with Other Holders.
Holders may communicate pursuant to § 312(b) of the TIA with other Holders with respect to their rights under this Indenture or the Securities.
The Company, the Trustee, the Registrar, the Paying Agent, the Conversion Agent and anyone else shall have the protection of TIA § 312(c).
Section 15.4                                Certificate and Opinion as to Conditions Precedent.
Upon any request or application by the Company to the Trustee to take any action under this Indenture, the Company shall furnish to the Trustee (except that the Opinion of
85
Counsel referred to in Section 15.4(b) hereof shall not be required in connection with the Authentication Order):
(a)                                  an Officers’ Certificate in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Trustee (which must include the statements set forth in Section 15.5 hereof) stating that, in the opinion of the signers, all conditions precedent and covenants, if any, provided for in this Indenture relating to the proposed action have been satisfied; and
(b)                                 an Opinion of Counsel in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Trustee (which must include the statements set forth in Section 15.5 hereof) stating that, in the opinion of such counsel, all such conditions precedent and covenants have been satisfied.
Section 15.5                                Statements Required in Certificate or Opinion.
Each certificate or opinion with respect to compliance with a condition or covenant provided for in this Indenture (other than a certificate provided pursuant to § 314(a)(4) of the TIA) must comply with the provisions of § 314(e) of the TIA and must include:
(a)                                  a statement that the Person making such certificate or opinion has read such covenant or condition;
(b)                                 a brief statement as to the nature and scope of the examination or investigation upon which the statements or opinions contained in such certificate or opinion are based;
(c)                                  a statement that, in the opinion of such Person, he or she has made such examination or investigation as is necessary to enable him or her to express an informed opinion as to whether or not such covenant or condition has been satisfied; and
(d)                                 a statement as to whether or not, in the opinion of such Person, such condition or covenant has been satisfied.
Section 15.6                                Rules by Trustee, Paying Agent, Conversion Agent, Registrar.
The Trustee may make reasonable rules for action by or a meeting of Holders.
The Registrar, the Conversion Agent and the Paying Agent may make reasonable rules for their functions.
Section 15.7                                No Personal Liability of Directors, Officers, Employees and Stockholders.
No director, officer, employee, incorporator or stockholder of the Company or any Subsidiary (other than the Company or a Guarantor in its capacity as a stockholder of a Subsidiary), as such, will have any liability for any obligations of the Company or the Guarantors under the Securities, this Indenture, the Subsidiary Guarantees or for any claim based on, in respect of, or by reason of, such obligations or their creation.
Each Holder of Securities by accepting a Note waives and releases all such liability.
The waiver and release are part of the consideration for issuance of the Securities.
The waiver may not be effective to waive liabilities under the federal securities laws.
86
Section 15.8                                Governing Law.
THE INTERNAL LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK WILL GOVERN AND BE USED TO CONSTRUE THIS INDENTURE, THE SECURITIES AND THE SUBSIDIARY GUARANTEES WITHOUT GIVING EFFECT TO APPLICABLE PRINCIPLES OF CONFLICTS OF LAW TO THE EXTENT THAT THE APPLICATION OF THE LAWS OF ANOTHER JURISDICTION WOULD BE REQUIRED THEREBY.
Section 15.9                                No Adverse Interpretation of Other Agreements.
This Indenture may not be used to interpret any other indenture, loan or debt agreement of the Company or its Subsidiaries or of any other Person.
Any such indenture, loan or debt agreement may not be used to interpret this Indenture.
Section 15.10                          Successors.
All agreements of the Company in this Indenture and the Securities will bind its successors.
All agreements of the Trustee in this Indenture will bind its successors.
All agreements of each Guarantor in this Indenture will bind its successors, except as otherwise provided in Section 13.5.
Section 15.11                          Severability.
In case any provision in this Indenture or in the Securities is invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions will not in any way be affected or impaired thereby.
Section 15.12                          Counterpart Originals.
Section 15.13                          Table of Contents, Headings, etc.
The Table of Contents, Cross-Reference Table and Headings of the Articles and Sections of this Indenture have been inserted for convenience of reference only, are not to be considered a part of this Indenture and will in no way modify or restrict any of the terms or provisions hereof.
Section 15.14                          Force Majeure.
In no event shall the Trustee be responsible or liable for any failure or delay in the performance of its obligations hereunder arising out of or caused by, directly or indirectly, forces beyond its control, including, without limitation, strikes, work stoppages, accidents, acts of war or terrorism, civil or military disturbances, nuclear or natural catastrophes or acts of God, and interruptions, loss or malfunctions of utilities, communications or computer (software and hardware) services; it being understood that the Trustee shall use reasonable efforts which are
87
consistent with accepted practices in the banking industry to resume performance as soon as practicable under the circumstances.
88
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned, being duly authorized, have executed this Indenture on behalf of the respective parties hereto as of the date first above written.
By:
/s/ Richard A. Schneider
Name:
Richard A. Schneider
Title:
Executive VP, CFO
DRS TECHNICAL SERVICES, INC.
DRS POWER TECHNOLOGY, INC.
DRS OPTRONICS, INC.
DRS FPA, INC.
DRS DATA & IMAGING SYSTEMS, INC.
DRS SYSTEMS, INC.
DRS CODEM SYSTEMS, INC.
MAXCO, INC.
By:
/s/ Richard A. Schneider
Name:
Richard A. Schneider
Title:
Authorized Signatory
SIGNATURE PAGE TO INDENTURE
By:
/s/ Kisha A.
Holder
Name:
Kisha A.
Holder
Title:
Executive Vice President
SIGNATURE PAGE TO INDENTURE
EXHIBIT A
[FORM OF FACE OF NOTE]
](1)
[THE SECURITY EVIDENCED BY THIS CERTIFICATE HAS NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE ‘‘SECURITIES ACT OF 1933’’) OR ANY STATE SECURITIES LAWS, AND MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD EXCEPT AS SET FORTH IN THE FOLLOWING SENTENCE.
(1)                                  This legend should be included only if the Note is a Global Security.
A-1
](2)
THIS SECURITY WAS ISSUED WITH ORIGINAL ISSUE DISCOUNT FOR UNITED STATES FEDERAL INCOME TAX PURPOSES.
(2)                                  This legend should be included on if the Note is a Transfer Restricted Security.
A-2
$
No.
CUSIP: [                             ]
The interest so payable, and punctually paid or duly provided for, on any Interest Payment Date shall, except as provided in the Indenture, be paid to the Person in whose name this Note (or one or more predecessor Notes) is registered at the close of business on the record date for such interest, which shall be the January 15 or July 15 (whether or not a Business Day), as the case may be, immediately preceding the corresponding Interest Payment Date (a “Record Date”).
(3)                                  This phrase should be included only if the Note is a Global Security.
A-3
price of the Notes for the five Trading Day period ending on the third Trading Day immediately preceding the first day of the relevant six-month period.
Reference is hereby made to the further provisions of this Note set forth on the reverse side of this Note, which further provisions shall for all purposes have the same effect as if set forth at this place.
A-4
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this instrument to be duly executed.
Dated:
By:
Name:
Title:
A-5
TRUSTEE’S CERTIFICATE OF AUTHENTICATION
This is one of the Notes referred to in the within-mentioned Indenture.
Dated:
By:
A-6
[FORM OF REVERSE OF NOTE]
The terms of the Note include those stated in the Indenture, those made part of the Indenture by reference to the Trust Indenture Act of 1939, as amended (“TIA”), and those set forth in this Note.
This Note is subject to all such terms, and Holders are referred to the Indenture and the TIA for a statement of all such terms.
To the extent permitted by applicable law, in the event of any inconsistency between the terms of this Note and the terms of the Indenture, the terms of the Indenture shall control.
Capitalized terms used but not defined herein have the meanings assigned to them in the Indenture unless otherwise indicated.
1.
Interest.
(a)                                  Interest and Contingent Interest.
Interest (including Contingent Interest and Additional Interest, if any) accrued and unpaid hereon at the Stated Maturity also shall be paid to the same Holder to whom the Company pays the principal of this Note.
A-7
Except as described above, the Company will not make any payment or other adjustment for accrued and unpaid interest (including Contingent Interest, if any) on any Note when they are converted.
The preceding sentence does not apply to (1) Notes that are converted after being called by the Company for redemption, (2) any overdue interest existing at the time of conversion with respect to the Notes converted, but only to the extent of the amount of such overdue interest or (3) Additional Interest.
All references herein to interest accrued or payable as of any date shall, without duplication, be deemed to include Contingent Interest.
(b)                                 Additional Interest.
The Company will pay Additional Interest, if any, as set forth herein and in Section 3 of the Registration Rights Agreement.
A-8
except as provided in Section 6.1 of the Indenture with respect to defaulted interest.
Such payment will be in such coin or currency of the United States of America as at the time of payment is legal tender for payment of public and private debts.
2.
Method of Payment.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, so long as the Notes are registered in the name of a Depositary or its nominee, all payments with respect to the Notes shall be made by wire transfer of immediately available funds to the account of the Depositary or its nominee.
At the Stated Maturity, interest (including Contingent Interest and Additional Interest, if any) on Certificated Securities will be payable at the principal corporate trust office of the Trustee described in the Indenture.
3.
Initially, The Bank of New York shall act as Paying Agent, Registrar and Conversion Agent.
The Company may appoint and change any Paying Agent, Registrar and Conversion Agent without notice, other than notice to the Trustee; provided that the Company shall maintain at least one Paying Agent in the Borough of Manhattan, New York, New York, which shall initially be an office or agency of the Trustee.
4.
Indenture.
The Indenture does not limit other indebtedness of the Company, secured or unsecured.
5.
Redemption of the Notes by the Company.
A-9
A-10
6.
7.
Conversion.
This Note is subject to all of the conversion rights and procedures set forth in the Indenture.
A-11
Subject to and in compliance with the provisions of the Indenture (including, without limitation, the conditions to conversion of this Note set forth in Section 12.1 thereof), a Holder is entitled, at such Holder’s option, to convert the Holder’s Note (or any portion of the principal amount thereof that is $1,000 or an integral multiple thereof), into cash and, in certain circumstances, fully paid and non-assessable shares of Common Stock at the Conversion Rate in effect on the date of conversion.
A Note in respect of which a Holder has delivered a Purchase Notice or Fundamental Change Purchase Notice, as the case may be, exercising the right of such Holder to require the Company to purchase such Note may be converted only if such Purchase Notice or Fundamental Change Purchase Notice is withdrawn in accordance with the terms of the Indenture.
Except as described in the Indenture, the Company will not make any payment in cash or Common Stock or other adjustment for accrued and unpaid interest (including Contingent Interest and Additional Interest, if any) on any Notes when they are converted.
The Company’s delivery to the Holder of cash and Common Stock, as provided in the Indenture upon conversion of the Notes, together with any cash payment for such Holder’s fractional shares, shall be deemed to satisfy the Company’s obligation to pay the principal amount of the Note and to satisfy its obligation to pay accrued and unpaid interest (including Contingent Interest and Additional Interest, if any) through the conversion date.
As a result, accrued interest and Additional Interest are deemed paid in full rather than cancelled, extinguished or forfeited.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, accrued interest (including Contingent Interest and Additional Interest, if any) will be payable upon any conversion of Notes made concurrently with or after acceleration of the Notes following an Event of Default.
Before any such conversion, a Holder also shall pay all funds required, if any, relating to interest or Additional Interest, if any, on the Notes, as provided in the Indenture, and all taxes or duties, if any, as provided in the Indenture.
If the Company (i) reclassifies the Common Stock, (ii) is a party to a consolidation, merger or binding share exchange or (iii) conveys, transfers or leases all or substantially all of its properties and assets to any Person, the right to convert a Note into shares of Common Stock may be changed into a right to convert it into securities, cash or other assets of the Company or such other Person, in each case in accordance with the Indenture.
A-12
8.
Denominations; Transfer; Exchange.
The Registrar may require a Holder, among other things, to furnish appropriate endorsements and transfer documents and to pay any taxes and fees required by law or permitted by the Indenture.
9.
Persons Deemed Owners.
The registered Holder of this Note may be treated as the owner of this Note for all purposes.
10.
Unclaimed Money or Securities.
After return to the Company, Holders entitled to the money or securities must look to the Company for payment as general creditors unless an applicable abandoned property law designates another person.
11.
Subject to certain exceptions set forth in the Indenture, (i) the Indenture or the Notes may be amended with the written consent or affirmative vote of the Holders of at least a majority in aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes and (ii) certain Defaults may be
A-13
waived with the written consent or affirmative vote of the Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes.
The Company and the Trustee may amend the Indenture or the Notes without the consent of any Holder to (a) add to the covenants of the Company for the benefit of the Holders of Notes; (b) surrender any right or power conferred upon the Company; (c) provide for conversion rights of Holders of Notes if any reclassification or change of Common Stock or any consolidation, merger or sale of all or substantially all of the Company’s assets occurs; (d) provide for the assumption of the Company or a Guarantor’s obligations to the Holders of Notes and Subsidiary Guarantees in the case of a merger or consolidation or sale of all or substantially all of the Company or such Guarantor’s assets, as applicable; (e) increase the Conversion Rate; (f) comply with the requirements of the SEC in order to effect or maintain the qualification of the Indenture under the TIA; (g) make any changes or modifications necessary in connection with the registration of the Common Stock to be issued upon conversion under the Securities Act as contemplated in the Registration Rights Agreement; provided that such change or modification does not, in the good faith opinion of the Board of Directors, materially adversely affect the interests of the Holders of Notes, taken as a whole; (h) evidence and provide the acceptance of the appointment of a successor trustee under the Indenture; (i) add additional Subsidiary Guarantees with respect to the Notes or release Guarantors from Subsidiary Guarantees as provided or permitted by the terms of the Indenture; (j) cure any ambiguity, mistake, defect or inconsistency; (k) provide for uncertificated Notes in addition to or in place of Certificated Notes; (l) make any change that would provide any additional rights or benefits to the Holders of Notes or that does not materially adversely affect the legal rights under the Indenture of any such Holder as determined by the Board of Directors; (m) conform the text of the Indenture or the Notes to any provision of the “Description of Notes” section of the Offering Memorandum to the extent that such provision was intended to be a verbatim recitation of a provision of the Indenture, the Subsidiary Guarantees or the Notes; (n) evidence the succession of another Person to the Company upon the Notes, and the assumption by any such successor of covenants of the Company under the Indenture and in the Notes, in each case in compliance with the provisions of the Indenture; (o) provide the Holders of Notes with additional rights to require the Company to purchase the Notes on additional Purchase Dates; or (p) add or modify any other provisions with respect to matters or questions arising under the Indenture which the Company and the Trustee may deem necessary or desirable and which will not adversely affect the interests of the Holders of Notes.
12.
Defaults and Remedies.
If any Event of Default, other than as a result of certain events of bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization of the Company as specified in the Indenture, occurs and is continuing, the principal amount of all the Notes may be declared due and payable in the manner and with the effect provided in the Indenture.
If an Event of Default occurs as a result of certain events of bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization of the Company as provided in the Indenture, the principal amount of all the Notes shall become due and payable immediately without any declaration or other act on the part of the Trustee or any Holder, all as and to the extent provided in the Indenture.
A-14
13.
Trustee Dealings with the Company.
Subject to certain limitations imposed by the TIA, the Trustee under the Indenture, in its individual or any other capacity, may become the owner or pledgee of Notes and may otherwise deal with and collect obligations owed to it by the Company or its Affiliates and may otherwise deal with the Company or its Affiliates with the same rights it would have if it were not Trustee.
14.
Calculations in Respect of Notes.
The Company or its agents shall be responsible for making all calculations called for under Article XII of the Indenture, including, but not limited to, determination of the market price of the Common Stock.
Any calculations made in good faith and without manifest error shall be final and binding on Holders of the Notes.
15.
No Recourse Against Others.
No recourse under or upon any obligation, covenant or agreement contained in the Indenture, or in any Note, or because of any indebtedness evidenced thereby, shall be had against any incorporator, as such, or against any past, present or future stockholder, officer or director, as such, of the Company or of any successor, either directly or through the Company or any successor, under any rule of law, statute or constitutional provision or by the enforcement of any assessment or by any legal or equitable proceeding or otherwise, all such liability being expressly waived and released by the acceptance of the Notes by the Holders and as part of the consideration for the issue of the Notes.
16.
Authentication.
This Note shall not be valid or obligatory for any purpose until an authorized signatory of the Trustee (or a duly authorized authentication agent) signs, manually or by facsimile, the Trustee’s Certificate of Authentication on the other side of this Note.
17.
Abbreviations.
Customary abbreviations may be used in the name of a Holder or an assignee, such as TEN COM (=tenants in common), TEN ENT (=tenants by the entireties), JT TEN (=joint tenants with right of survivorship and not as tenants in common), CUST (=custodian), and U/G/M/A (=Uniform Gift to Minors Act).
18.
INDENTURE TO CONTROL; GOVERNING LAW.
IN THE CASE OF ANY CONFLICT BETWEEN THE PROVISIONS OF THIS NOTE AND THE INDENTURE, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, THE PROVISIONS OF THE INDENTURE SHALL CONTROL.
A-15
19.
Registration Rights.
The Holders of the Notes may be entitled to the benefits of a Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of January 31, 2006, by and among the Company and the initial purchasers party thereto, as amended, modified or supplemented in accordance therewith, including the receipt of Additional Interest upon a Registration Default (as defined in, and to the extent specified in, such agreement).
A-16
[TO BE ATTACHED TO GLOBAL SECURITIES]
SCHEDULE OF INCREASES OR DECREASES IN GLOBAL SECURITY
The following increases or decreases in this Global Security have been made:
Date
Amount of decrease in
Principal Amount of this
Global Security
Amount of increase in
Principal Amount of this
Global Security
Principal Amount of this
Global Security following
such decrease or increase
Signature of authorized
signatory of Trustee
A-17
ASSIGNMENT FORM
(Insert assignee’s soc.
sec.
and irrevocably appoint                                                                                                               agent to transfer this Note on the books of the Company.
The agent may substitute another to act for him.
Your Signature(s):
Participant in a Recognized Signature
Guarantee Medallion Program
By:
Authorized Signatory
A-18
OPTION OF HOLDER TO ELECT PURCHASE
             .
Any purchase of Notes pursuant hereto shall be pursuant to the terms and conditions specified in the Indenture.
Your Signature(s):
Participant in a Recognized Signature
Guarantee Medallion Program
By:
Authorized Signatory
A-19
CONVERSION NOTICE
(Insert the other person’s soc.
sec.
Your Signature(s):
Participant in a Recognized Signature
Guarantee Medallion Program
By:
Authorized Signatory
A-20
TRANSFER CERTIFICATE(4)
In connection with such request and in respect of each such Note, the Transferor does hereby certify that the Transferor is familiar with transfer restrictions relating to the Notes as provided in Section 2.6 and Section 2.12 of the Indenture, dated as of January 31, 2006, among the Company, the guarantors party thereto and The Bank of New York, as Trustee (the “Indenture”), and the transfer of such Note is being made pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”) (check applicable box) or the transfer or exchange, as the case may be, of such Note does not require registration under the Securities Act because (check applicable box):
o                                    Such Note is being acquired for the Transferor’s own account, without transfer; or
o                                    Such Note is being transferred to the Company or a Subsidiary; or
o                                    Such Note is being transferred to a person that the Transferor reasonably believes is a “qualified institutional buyer,” as defined in, and in compliance with, Rule 144A under the Securities Act; or
o                                    Such Note is being transferred pursuant to the exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act under Rule 144 (or any successor thereto) (“Rule 144”) under the Securities Act; or
o                                    Such Note is being transferred pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act; or
o                                    Such Note is being transferred pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act to an institutional investor that is an “accredited investor” (as defined in Rule 501(a)(1), (2), (3) or (7) of Regulation D under the Securities Act) that, prior to the transfer, furnishes to the Trustee such certifications and opinion of counsel required by the Company or the Trustee.
(4)                                  This certificate should only be included if this Security is a Transfer Restricted Security.
A-21
The Transferor acknowledges and agrees that, if the transferee will hold any such Notes in the form of beneficial interests in a Global Note that is a “restricted security” within the meaning of Rule 144 under the Securities Act, then such transfer can be made only pursuant to Rule 144A under the Securities Act and such transferee must be a “qualified institutional buyer,” as defined in Rule 144A, or an institutional investor that is an “accredited investor” (as defined in Rule 501(a)(1), (2), (3) or (7) of Regulation D under the Securities Act).
Signature(s) of Transferor
(If the registered owner is a corporation, partnership or fiduciary, the title of the person signing on behalf of such registered owner must be stated.)
Participant in a Recognized Signature
Guarantee Medallion Program
By:
Authorized Signatory
A-22
EXHIBIT B
For value received, each Guarantor (which term includes any successor Person under the Indenture) has, jointly and severally, unconditionally guaranteed, to the extent set forth and subject to the provisions in the Indenture (the “Indenture”), dated as of January 31, 2006, among DRS Technologies, Inc. (the “Company”), the guarantors party thereto and the Bank of New York, as trustee (the “Trustee”), (a) the due and punctual payment of the principal of, premium, if any, and interest (including Contingent Interest and Additional Interest, if any) on, the Notes, whether at maturity, by acceleration, redemption or otherwise, the due and punctual payment of interest on overdue principal of and interest (including Contingent Interest and Additional Interest, if any) on the Notes, if any, if lawful, and (b) in case of any extension of time of payment or renewal of any Notes or any of such other obligations, that the same will be promptly paid in full when due, whether at stated maturity, by acceleration or otherwise.
The obligations of the Guarantors to the Holders of Notes and to the Trustee pursuant to the Subsidiary Guarantee and the Indenture are expressly set forth in Article XIII of the Indenture and reference is hereby made to the Indenture for the precise terms of the Subsidiary Guarantee.
Each Holder of a Note, by accepting the same, (a) agrees to and shall be bound by such provisions and (b) appoints the Trustee attorney-in-fact of such Holder for such purpose.
Capitalized terms used but not defined herein have the meanings given to them in the Indenture.
B-1
By:
Name:
Title:
B-2
EXHIBIT C
Re:                               DRS Technologies, Inc.
Ladies and Gentlemen:
(1)                                  The undersigned is an institutional “accredited investor” within the meaning of Rule 501(a)(1), (2), (3) or (7) under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”) (an “Institutional Accredited Investor”).
(2)                                  (A) Any purchase of the Securities by the undersigned will be for the undersigned’s own account or for the account of one or more other Institutional Accredited Investors or as fiduciary for the account of one or more trusts, each of which is an “accredited investor” within the meaning of Rule 501(a)(7) under the Securities Act and for each of which the undersigned exercises sole investment discretion or (B) the undersigned is a “bank”, within the meaning of Section 3(a)(2) of the Securities Act, or a “savings and loan association” or other institution described in Section 3(a)(5)(A) of the Securities Act that is acquiring the Securities as fiduciary for the account of one or more institutions for which the undersigned exercises sole investment discretion.
(3)                                  The undersigned has such knowledge and experience in financial and business matters that the undersigned is capable of evaluating the merits and risks of its investment in the Securities, and the undersigned and any accounts for which it is acting is each able to bear the economic risk of its or their investment.
(4)                                  The undersigned has been given an opportunity to ask questions and receive answers concerning the terms and conditions of the Securities and to obtain any additional information which the Company possesses or can acquire without reasonable effort or expense that is necessary to verify the accuracy of the information furnished.
C-1
(5)                                  The undersigned is not acquiring the Securities with a view to distribution thereof or with any present intention of offering or selling any Securities, except as permitted below; provided that the disposition of the undersigned’s property and the property of any accounts for which the undersigned is acting as fiduciary will remain at all times within the undersigned’s control.
(6)                                  The undersigned understands that the Securities have not been registered under the Securities Act or any applicable state securities laws.
(7)                                  The undersigned agrees, on its own behalf and on behalf of each account for which the undersigned acquires any Securities, that if in the future the undersigned decides to resell or otherwise transfer such Securities within two years after the original issuance of the Notes, such Securities may be resold or otherwise transferred only:
(A)                              to the Company or any subsidiary thereof;
(B)                                with respect to Notes only, to a person which is a “qualified institutional buyer” (as defined in Rule 144A under the Securities Act) and otherwise in compliance with Rule 144A under the Securities Act;
(C)                                pursuant to the exemption from registration provided by Rule 144 under the Securities Act (if available);
(E)                                 pursuant to a registration statement which has been declared effective under the Securities Act and continues to be effective at the time of such transfer.
(8)                                  The undersigned understands that, on any proposed resale of any Securities, the undersigned shall be required to furnish to the Trustee or the Transfer Agent, as the case may be, and the Company such certifications, legal opinions and other information as you and the Company may reasonably require to confirm that the proposed sale complies with the foregoing restrictions.
The undersigned further understands that the Securities purchased by the undersigned will bear a legend to the foregoing effect.
Each of the Company, the Trustee or the Transfer Agent, as the case may be, and the initial purchaser of the Securities is entitled to rely upon this letter and are irrevocably
C-2
Very truly yours,
By:
Name:
Title:
Address:
C-3
EXHIBIT D
THE SECURITY EVIDENCED BY THIS CERTIFICATE HAS NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE “SECURITIES ACT OF 1933”), OR ANY STATE SECURITIES LAWS, AND MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD EXCEPT AS SET FORTH IN THE FOLLOWING SENTENCE.
(5)                                  This legend should be included only if the Security is a Transfer Restricted Security for purposes of Rule 144A.
D-1
EXHIBIT E
WITNESSETH
WHEREAS, pursuant to Section 11.6 of the Indenture, the Trustee is authorized to execute and deliver this Supplemental Indenture.
NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt of which is hereby acknowledged, the Guaranteeing Subsidiary and the Trustee mutually covenant and agree for the equal and ratable benefit of the Holders of the Notes as follows:
1.
Capitalized Terms.
Capitalized terms used herein without definition shall have the meanings assigned to them in the Indenture.
2.
Agreement to Guarantee.
The Guaranteeing Subsidiary hereby agrees to provide an unconditional Guarantee on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Subsidiary Guarantee and in the Indenture including but not limited to Article XIII thereof.
4.
No Recourse Against Others.
No past, present or future director, officer, employee, incorporator, stockholder or agent of the Guaranteeing Subsidiary (other than the Company or a Guarantor in its capacity as a stockholder of a Subsidiary), as such, shall have any liability for any obligations of the Company or any Guaranteeing Subsidiary under the Notes, any Subsidiary Guarantees, the Indenture or this Supplemental Indenture or for any claim based on, in respect of or by reason of, such obligations or their creation.
Each Holder of the Notes by accepting a Note waives and releases all such liability.
The waiver and release are part of the consideration for issuance of the Notes.
Such waiver may not be effective to waive liabilities under the federal securities laws and it is the view of the SEC that such a waiver is against public policy.
E-1
5.
New York Law to Govern.
THE INTERNAL LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK SHALL GOVERN AND BE USED TO CONSTRUE THIS SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE BUT WITHOUT GIVING EFFECT TO APPLICABLE PRINCIPLES OF CONFLICTS OF LAW TO THE EXTENT THAT THE APPLICATION OF THE LAWS OF ANOTHER JURISDICTION WOULD BE REQUIRED THEREBY.
6.
Counterparts.
7.
Effect of Headings.
The Section headings herein are for convenience only and shall not affect the construction hereof.
8.
The Trustee.
The Trustee shall not be responsible in any manner whatsoever for or in respect of the validity or sufficiency of this Supplemental Indenture or for or in respect of the recitals contained herein, all of which recitals are made solely by the Guaranteeing Subsidiary and the Company.
E-2
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Supplemental Indenture to be duly executed and attested, all as of the date first above written.
By:
Name:
Title:
By:
Name:
Title:
By:
Name:
Title:
By:
Authorized Signatory
E-3
SCHEDULE I
Effective Date of
Fundamental Change
2.571
1.660
1.010
3.314
2.468
1.906
1.511
1.230
2.328
1.313
1.031
3.153
2.115
1.464
1.113
1.431
S-1
