The base salary and Incentive Compensation (as defined in Section 2.3.)
payable to the Executive hereunder, as well as any stock-based compensation, including stock options, stock appreciation rights and restricted stock grants, shall be determined from time to time by the Board and paid pursuant to the Company’s customary payroll practices or in accordance with the terms of the applicable Plans (as defined in Section 2.4).
The Company shall pay the Executive in cash, in accordance with the normal payroll practices of the Company, the base salary and Incentive Compensation set forth below.
2.2 Base Salary.
The Executive shall be paid an annual base salary of no less than $300,000 while he is employed by the Company during the Term; provided, however, that nothing shall prohibit the Company from reducing the base salary as part of an overall cost reduction program that affects all senior executives of the Parent Group and does not disproportionately affect the Executive, so long as such reductions do not reduce the base salary to a rate that is less than 90% of the minimum base salary amount set forth above (or, if the minimum base salary amount has been increased during the Term, 90% of such increased amount).
The base salary shall be reviewed annually by the Board for increase (but not decrease, except as permitted above) as part of its annual compensation review, and any increased amount shall become the base salary under this Agreement.
2.3 Bonus or other Incentive Compensation.
With respect to each fiscal year of the Company during the Term, the Executive shall be eligible to receive annual bonus compensation under the Parent’s Executive Annual Incentive Plan or any successor plan (the “Bonus Plan”) based on the achievement of goals established by the Board from time to time (the “Goals”).
During the Term, the Executive will have a target bonus opportunity under the Bonus Plan of at least 60% of his then-applicable Base Salary and an opportunity to earn a maximum annual bonus of not less than 90% of his then­ applicable Base Salary; provided, however, the Executive’s bonus under the Annual Incentive Plan with respect to work performed during the 2013 calendar year shall be pro-rated based on the number of days employed during the 2013 calendar year.
The amount of any actual payment will depend upon the achievement (or not) of the Goals established by the Board.
Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, to receive a bonus under the Bonus Plan, the Executive must be employed on the date of payment of such bonus.
Amounts payable under the Bonus Plan shall be determined by the Board and shall be paid following such fiscal year and no later than two and one-half months after the end of such fiscal year.
In addition, the Executive shall be eligible to receive such additional bonus or incentive compensation as the Board may establish from time to time in its sole discretion.
2.4 Stock Compensation.
The Executive shall be eligible to receive stock- based compensation, whether stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock grants or otherwise, under the Parent’s 2012 Long Term Incentive Plan or other stock­ based compensation plans as Parent may establish from time to time (collectively, the “Plans”).
Notwithstanding the foregoing, with respect to the 2013 calendar year, the Executive shall receive on the Effective Date (i) a grant of stock options to acquire up to 10,000 shares of common stock of Parent (vesting annually 25% per year over a 4-year period), and (ii) a grant of 2,500 restricted shares of common stock of Parent (vesting annually 25% per year over a 4-year period).
The Executive shall not be eligible to receive additional grants under the Plans during the 2013 calendar year other than those described in the preceding sentence.
To facilitate Executive’s relocation to Lewisville, Texas, the Company shall reimburse the Executive for up to $100,000 in relocation expenses in accordance with any applicable Company moving and relocation policies.
Company shall also reimburse the Executive for up to a total of $25,000 in monthly membership dues incurred by Executive as the result of Executive’s current membership at The Bridges at Rancho Santa Fe.
The Company will not be obligated to provide any reimbursement for any personal expenses related to such membership.
All such reimbursable expenses shall be documented in accordance with Section 3.5.
3.2 Savings and Retirement Plans.
The Executive shall be entitled to 4 weeks paid vacation per 12- month period.
3.5 Expenses.
The Executive shall be entitled to receive prompt reimbursement for all reasonable business-related expenses incurred by the Executive in performing his duties under this Agreement.
Reimbursement of the Executive for such expenses will be made upon presentation to the Company of expense vouchers that are in sufficient detail to identify the nature of the expense, the amount of the expense, the date the expense was incurred and to whom payment was made to incur the expense, all in accordance with the expense reimbursement practices, policies and procedures of the Company.
3.6 Key Man Insurance.
V. PAYMENTS ON TERMINATION
The pro rata portion of Bonus Plan Incentive Compensation shall, subject to Section 7.16, be paid at the time such Incentive Compensation is paid to other participants in the Bonus Plan.
single or family coverage), less the amount of the employee contribution for such coverage.
The terms and rights with respect to such payments shall otherwise be governed by Section 5.1.
5.4 Release.
The Company shall reduce or eliminate the Payments by first reducing or eliminating any cash payments (with the payments to be made furthest in the future being reduced first), then by reducing or eliminating any accelerated vesting of options, then by reducing or eliminating any accelerated vesting of restricted stock, then by reducing or eliminating any other remaining Payments.
(b) solicit from or sell to any customer any products or services that any member of the Parent Group provides or is capable of providing to such customer and that are the same as or substantially similar to the products or services that any member of the Parent Group, sold or provided while the Executive was employed with, or providing services to, any member of the Parent Group.
7.2 Legal Fees.
(a) The Company sha11 pay all reasonable legal fees and expenses of the Executive’s counsel in connection with the preparation and negotiation of this Agreement.
The Company shall be responsible for its own fees, costs and expenses and shall pay to the Executive an amount equal to all reasonable attorneys’ and related fees, costs and expenses incurred by the Executive in connection with such arbitration if the arbitrator determines that the Executive prevailed on a material issue of the arbitration.
7.12 Waiver.
Upon the expiration of the Delay Period, all payments and benefits delayed pursuant to this Section 7.16 (whether they would have otherwise been payable in a single sum or in installments in the absence of such delay) shall be paid or reimbursed to the Executive in a lump sum, and any remaining payments and benefits due under this Agreement shall be paid or provided in accordance with the normal payment dates specified for them herein.
If a payment is to be made promptly after a date, it shall be made within sixty (60) days thereafter.
(c) Any expense reimbursement under this Agreement shall be made promptly upon Executive’s presentation to the Company of evidence of the fees and expenses incurred by the Executive and in all events on or before the last day of the taxable year following the taxable year in which such expense was incurred by the Executive, and no such reimbursement or the amount of expenses eligible for reimbursement in any taxable year shall in any way affect the expenses eligible for reimbursement in any other taxable year.
(i) the Executive’s annual base salary at the highest annual rate in effect at any time during the Term; and
(v) the Parent Group (or any of them) shall sell or dispose of, in a single transaction or series of related transactions, business operations that generated two-thirds of the consolidated revenues of the Parent Group (determined on the basis of Parent’s four most recently completed fiscal quarters for which reports have been filed under the Exchange Act) and such disposal shall not be exempted pursuant to clause (iii) of this definition of Change of Control;
