Exhibit 10.14
Execution Version
and
[*]
   Contents
   NOW IT IS HEREBY AGREED as follows:   Words and expressions defined in the Original Credit Agreement shall, unless the context otherwise requires or unless otherwise defined herein, have the same meanings when used in this Agreement.
References in:
    The headings of the several clauses and sub-clauses of this Agreement are inserted for convenience only and shall not in any way affect the meaning or construction of any provision of this Agreement.
The parties acknowledge and agree that they may execute this Agreement and any variation or amendment to the same, by electronic instrument.
The parties agree that the electronic signatures appearing on the document shall have the same effect as handwritten signatures and the use of an electronic signature on this Agreement shall have the same validity and legal effect as the use of a signature affixed by hand and is made with the intention of authenticating this Agreement, and evidencing the parties' intention to be bound by the terms and conditions contained herein.
For the purposes of using an electronic signature, the parties authorise each other to the lawful processing of personal data of the signers for contract performance and their legitimate interests including contract management.
A person who is not a party to this Agreement has no right under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 to enforce or enjoy the benefit of any term of this Agreement unless expressly provided to the contrary in this Agreement.
Notwithstanding any term of this Agreement, the consent of any person who is not a party to this Agreement is not required to rescind or vary this Agreement at any time.
The Finance Parties, relying upon the representations and warranties on the part of the Obligors contained in clause 4 (Representations and warranties), agree with the Borrower that, subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement and in particular, but without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing, fulfilment of the conditions contained in clause 5 (Conditions) and Schedule 2 (Conditions precedent to Effective Date), the Original Credit Agreement shall be amended and restated on the terms set out in clause 3 (Amendments to Original Credit Agreement).
The Original Credit Agreement (but without its Exhibits which, subject to clause 6.2(c), shall remain in the same form and deemed to form part of the Credit Agreement) shall, with effect on and from the Effective Date, be (and it is hereby) amended and restated so as to read in accordance with the form of the amended and restated Credit Agreement set out in Schedule 4 (Form of Amended and Restated Credit Agreement) and (as so amended) and, together with the Exhibits, will continue to be binding upon the parties to it in accordance with its terms as so amended and restated.
Save as amended by this Agreement, the provisions of the Original Credit Agreement shall continue in full force and effect and the Original Credit Agreement and this Agreement shall be read and construed as one instrument.
     Each of the Obligors represents and warrants to the Finance Parties that:  it has the power to enter into and perform this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby and has taken all necessary action to authorise the entry into and performance of this Agreement and such transactions.
This Agreement constitutes its legal, valid and binding obligations enforceable in accordance with its terms and in entering into this Agreement, it is acting on its own account;  the entry into and performance of this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby do not and will not conflict with:     all authorisations, approvals, consents, licenses, exemptions, filings, registrations, notarisations and other matters, official or otherwise, required in connection with the entry into, performance, validity and enforceability of this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby have been obtained or effected and are in full force and effect;  no fees or taxes, including, without limitation, stamp, transaction, registration or similar taxes, are required to be paid to ensure the legality, validity, or enforceability of this Agreement.
The choice of the laws of England as set forth in this Agreement is a valid choice of law, and the irrevocable submission by each Obligor to jurisdiction and consent to service of process and, where necessary, appointment by such Obligor of an agent for service of process, as set forth in this Agreement, is legal, valid, binding and effective;  each Obligor has fully disclosed in writing to the Facility Agent all facts relating to such Obligor which it knows or should reasonably know and which might reasonably be expected to influence the Lenders in deciding whether or not to enter into this Agreement; and  the terms of this Agreement and the amendments to be made to the Original Credit Agreement pursuant to this Agreement are substantially the same terms and amendments as those set out or to be set out in an amendment agreement to each other financial contract or financial document relating to any existing Indebtedness for Borrowed Money with the support of any ECA in existence as at the date of this Agreement and each of the Obligors undertakes that it shall on or before the Effective Date (or as soon as reasonably practicable thereafter) enter into an amendment agreement (with such amendments being on substantially the same terms as those set out in this Agreement and the amended and restated Credit Agreement (as applicable) to each other financial contract or financial document relating to any existing Indebtedness for Borrowed Money with the support of any ECA in existence as at the date of this Agreement in order to substantially reflect the amendments to be made to the Original Credit Agreement pursuant to this Agreement.
    Each of the representations and warranties contained in clause 4.1 (Primary representations and warranties) of this Agreement shall be deemed to be repeated by the Obligors on the Effective Date as if made with reference to the facts and circumstances existing on such day.
The agreement of the Finance Parties referred to in clause 2 (Agreement of the Finance Parties) shall be further subject to the receipt by the Facility Agent or its duly authorised representative of the documents and evidence specified in Schedule 2 (Conditions precedent to Effective Date) in each case, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Facility Agent and its lawyers.
The conditions specified in this clause 5 are inserted solely for the benefit of the Finance Parties and may be waived by the Finance Parties in whole or in part with or without conditions.
The Parent as guarantor hereby confirms its consent to the amendments to the Original Credit Agreement contained in this Agreement and agrees that the guarantee and indemnity provided in Section 15 (Parent Guaranty) of the Original Credit Agreement, and the obligations of the Parent as guarantor thereunder, shall remain and continue in full force and effect notwithstanding the said amendments to the Original Credit Agreement contained in this Agreement.
None of the Facility Agent, a Lender or the CIRR Representative is required to provide to the Facility Agent (if applicable) or the Borrower evidence of how the determination of the funding cost has been made nor that it has been suffered.
All fees and expenses payable pursuant to this clause 7 shall be paid together with VAT or any similar tax (if any) properly chargeable thereon.
The Borrower agrees to pay to the Facility Agent on demand all stamp, documentary, registration or other like duties or taxes (including any duties or taxes payable by the Facility Agent) imposed on or in connection with this Agreement and shall indemnify the Facility Agent against any liability arising by reason of any delay or omission by the Borrower to pay such duties or taxes.
The provisions of Section 14.03 (Notices) of the Credit Agreement shall extend and apply to the giving or making of notices or demands hereunder as if the same were expressly stated herein with all necessary changes.
This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts and by the different parties on separate counterparts, each of which when so executed and delivered shall be an original but all counterparts shall together constitute one and the same instrument.
The provisions of Section 9.10(a) (Further Assurances) of the Credit Agreement shall extend and apply to this Agreement as if the same were expressly stated herein with all necessary changes.
This Agreement and any non-contractual obligations connected with it are governed by and shall be construed in accordance with English law.
    The provisions of Section 14.07(b) and (c) (Governing Law; Exclusive Jurisdiction of English Courts; Service of Process) and Section 16 (Bail-In) of the Credit Agreement shall apply to this Agreement as if the same were expressly stated herein with all necessary changes.
This Agreement has been executed on the date stated at the beginning of this Agreement.
   TABLE OF CONTENTS
(i)
(ii)
(iii)
(iv)
(v)
All capitalized terms used herein and defined in Section 1 are used herein as therein defined.
Definitions and Accounting Terms.
1.01 Defined Terms.1.01 As used in this Agreement, the following terms shall have the following meanings (such meanings to be equally applicable to both the singular and plural forms of the terms defined) and references to this Agreement or any other document (or to any specified provision of this Agreement or any other document) shall be construed as references to this Agreement, that provision or that document as from time to time amended, restated, supplemented and/or novated: “Acceptable Bank” means (a) a bank or financial institution which has a rating for its long-term unsecured and non credit-enhanced debt obligations of A- or higher by S&P or A2 or higher by Moody's or a comparable rating from an internationally recognized credit rating agency; or (b) any other bank or financial institution approved by each Agent.
7  “Acceptable Flag Jurisdiction” shall mean the Bahamas, Bermuda, Panama, the Marshall Islands, the United States or such other flag jurisdiction as may be acceptable to the Required Lenders in their reasonable discretion.
“Acquisition” means any transaction or series of related transactions for the purpose of or resulting, directly or indirectly, in (a) the acquisition of all or substantially all of the assets of a Person, or of any business or division of a Person, (b) the acquisition of in excess of fifty percent (50%) of the Capital Stock of any Person or otherwise causing any Person to become a Subsidiary of a Borrower, or (c) a merger, amalgamation or consolidation or any other combination with another Person.
“Addendum No.
3” means addendum no.
“Additional Hermes Premium” means the additional premium payable to Hermes as a result of the increase to the Hermes Cover arising as a consequence of the increase in the Total Commitments pursuant to the First Supplemental Agreement.
“Adjusted Construction Price” shall mean the sum of the Initial Construction Price of the Vessel and the total permitted increases to the Initial Construction Price of the Vessel pursuant to Permitted Change Orders (it being understood that the Final Construction Price may exceed the Adjusted Construction Price).
“Affiliate” shall mean, with respect to any Person, any other Person directly or indirectly controlling, controlled by, or under direct or indirect common control with, such Person; provided, however, that for purposes of Section 10.05, an Affiliate of the Parent or any of its Subsidiaries, as applicable, shall include any Person that directly or indirectly owns more than 10% of any class of the Capital Stock of the Parent or such Subsidiary, as applicable, and any officer or director of the Parent or such Subsidiary.
A Person shall be deemed to control another Person if such Person possesses, directly or indirectly, the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of such other Person, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained above, for purposes of Section 10.05, neither the Facility Agent, nor the Collateral Agent, nor the Lead Arrangers nor any Lender (or any of their respective affiliates) shall be deemed to constitute an Affiliate of the Parent or its Subsidiaries in connection with the Credit Documents or its dealings or arrangements relating thereto.
“Affiliate Transaction” shall have the meaning provided in Section 10.05.
“Agent” or “Agents” shall mean, individually and collectively, the Facility Agent, the Collateral Agent, the Delegate Collateral Agent, the Hermes Agent and the CIRR Agent.
“Agreement” shall mean this Credit Agreement, as modified, supplemented, amended, restated or novated from time to time.
8  “Appraised Value” of the Vessel at any time shall mean the fair market value or, as the case may be, the average of the fair market value of the Vessel on an individual charter free basis as set forth on the appraisal or, as the case may be, the appraisals most recently delivered to, or obtained by, the Facility Agent prior to such time pursuant to Section 9.01(c).
“Approved Stock Exchange” shall mean the New York Stock Exchange, NASDAQ or such other stock exchange in the United States of America, the United Kingdom or Hong Kong as is approved in writing by the Facility Agent or, in each case, any successor thereto.
"Article 55 BRRD" means Article 55 of Directive 2014/59/EU establishing a framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms.
“Assignment Agreement” shall mean an Assignment Agreement substantially in the form of Exhibit L (appropriately completed) or any other form agreed between the relevant assignor and assignee (and if required to be executed by the Borrower, the Borrower).
“Assignment of Charters” shall have the meaning provided in the definition of “Collateral and Guaranty Requirements”.
“Assignment of Contracts” shall have the meaning provided in Section 5.07.
“Assignment of Earnings and Insurances” shall have the meaning provided in the definition of “Collateral and Guaranty Requirements”.
“Assignment of Management Agreements” shall have the meaning provided in the definition of “Collateral and Guaranty Requirements”.
"Bail-In Action" means the exercise of any Write-down and Conversion Powers.
"Bail-In Legislation" means: (a)       in relation to an EEA Member Country which has implemented, or which at any time implements, Article 55 BRRD, the relevant implementing law or regulation as described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule from time to time; and (b)       in relation to any state other than such an EEA Member Country or (to the extent that the United Kingdom is not such an EEA Member Country) the United Kingdom, any analogous law or regulation from time to time which requires contractual recognition of any Write-down and Conversion Powers contained in that law or regulation.
“Bankruptcy Code” shall have the meaning provided in Section 11.05(b).
9  “Basel II” shall mean the “International Convergence of Capital Measurement and Capital Standards, a Revised Framework” published by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision in June 2004 in the form existing on the date of this Agreement.
“Basel III” shall mean (a) the agreements on capital requirements, a leverage ratio and liquidity standards contained in "Basel III: A global regulatory framework for more resilient banks and banking systems", "Basel III: International framework for liquidity risk measurement, standards and monitoring" and "Guidance for national authorities operating the countercyclical capital buffer" published by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision in December 2010, each as amended, supplemented or restated; (b) the rules for global systemically important banks contained in "Global systemically important banks: assessment methodology and the additional loss absorbency requirement – Rules text" published by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision in November 2011, as amended, supplemented or restated; and (c) any further guidance or standards published by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision relating to "Basel III"."
“Bookrunner” shall have the meaning provided in the first paragraph of this Agreement, and shall include any successor thereto.
“Borrower” shall have the meaning provided in the first paragraph of this Agreement, and shall include any successor thereto.
“Borrowing” shall mean the borrowing of Loans (including Deferred Loans) from all the Lenders (other than any Lender which has not funded its share of a Borrowing in accordance with this Agreement) having Commitments on a given date.
“Borrowing Date” shall mean each date (including the Initial Borrowing Date) on which a Borrowing occurs as set forth in Section 2.02.
“Business Day” shall mean any day except Saturday, Sunday and any day which shall be in New York, London or Frankfurt am Main a legal holiday or a day on which banking institutions are authorized or required by law or other government action to close.
“Capital Stock” means: (1)       in the case of a corporation, corporate stock or shares; (2)       in the case of an association or business entity, any and all shares, interests, participations, rights or other equivalents (however designated) of corporate stock; (3)       in the case of a partnership or limited liability company, partnership or membership interests (whether general or limited); and (4)       any other interest or participation that confers on a Person the right to receive a share of the profits and losses of, or distributions of assets of, the issuing Person.
“Cash Balance” shall mean, at any date of determination, the unencumbered and otherwise unrestricted cash and Cash Equivalents of the NCLC Group.
10  “Cash Equivalents” shall mean (i) securities issued or directly and fully guaranteed or insured by the United States or any agency or instrumentality thereof (provided that the full faith and credit of the United States is pledged in support thereof) having maturities of not more than one year from the date of acquisition, (ii) time deposits and certificates of deposit of any commercial bank having, or which is the principal banking subsidiary of a bank holding company having capital, surplus and undivided profits aggregating in excess of $200,000,000, with maturities of not more than one year from the date of acquisition by any Person, (iii) repurchase obligations with a term of not more than 90 days for underlying securities of the types described in clause (i) above entered into with any bank meeting the qualifications specified in clause (ii) above, (iv) commercial paper issued by any Person incorporated in the United States rated at least A-1 or the equivalent thereof by S&P or at least B-1 or the equivalent thereof by Moody’s and in each case maturing not more than one year after the date of acquisition by any other Person, and (v) investments in money market funds substantially all of whose assets are comprised of securities of the types described in clauses (i) through (iv) above.
“CERCLA” shall mean the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980, as the same may be amended from time to time, 42 U.S.C.
§ 9601 et seq.
“Change of Control” shall mean:     “Charge of KfW Refund Guarantees” shall have the meaning provided in Section 5.07.
“CIRR” means 3.12% per annum being the Commercial Interest Reference Rate determined in accordance with the OECD Arrangement for Officially Supported Export Credits to be applicable to the Loan hereunder (and includes the CIRR administrative margin of 0.20% per annum).
“CIRR Agent” shall have the meaning provided in the first paragraph of this Agreement, and shall include any successor thereto.
“CIRR General Terms and Conditions” shall mean the CIRR General Terms and Conditions for interest rate make-up in ship financing schemes (August 29, 2012 edition).
11  “CIRR Representative” shall mean KfW, acting in its capacity as CIRR mandatary in connection with this Agreement.
“Claims” shall have the meaning provided in the definition of “Environmental Claims”.
“Code” means the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.
“Collateral” shall mean all property (whether real or personal) with respect to which any security interests have been granted (or purported to be granted) pursuant to any Security Document, including, without limitation, all Share Charge Collateral, all Earnings and Insurance Collateral, the Construction Risk Insurance, the Vessel, each Refund Guarantee, the Construction Contract and all cash and Cash Equivalents at any time delivered as collateral thereunder or as collateral required hereunder.
“Collateral Agent” shall have the meaning provided in the first paragraph of this Agreement, and shall include any successor thereto, acting as mortgagee, security trustee or collateral agent for the Secured Creditors pursuant to the Security Documents.
In addition, the Borrower shall reimburse the Facility Agent for the reasonable and documented costs of procuring customary mortgagee interest insurance and additional perils insurance in connection with the Vessel as contemplated by Section 9.03 (including Schedule 9.03).
“Collateral Disposition” shall mean (i) the sale, lease, transfer or other disposition of the Vessel by the Borrower to any Person (it being understood that a Permitted Chartering Arrangement is not a Collateral Disposition) or the sale of 100% of the Capital Stock of the Borrower or (ii) any Event of Loss of the Vessel.
“Commitment” shall mean, for each Lender: (i)        the amount denominated in Euro set forth opposite such Lender’s name in Schedule 1.01(a) hereto as the same may be (x) reduced from time to time pursuant to Sections 3.04, 3.05, 4.01, 4.02 and/or 11 or (y) adjusted from time to time as a result of assignments and/or transfers to or from such Lender pursuant to Section 2.12, Section 13 or the First Supplemental Agreement; and (ii)       in relation to a Deferred Loan, the amount of such Lender’s Commitment in respect of a Deferred Loan as at the time of the making of a Deferred Loan (but the liability of each Lender in respect of which shall not, on the basis of the arrangements set out in this Agreement, increase the Total Commitment of such Lender).
“Commitment Commission” shall have the meaning provided in Section 3.01.
14  “Consolidated Debt Service” shall mean, for any relevant period, the sum (without double counting), determined in accordance with GAAP, of:        as calculated in accordance with GAAP and derived from the then latest consolidated unaudited financial statements of the NCLC Group delivered to the Facility Agent in the case of any period ending at the end of any of the first three fiscal quarters of each fiscal year of the Parent and the then latest audited consolidated financial statements (including all additional information and notes thereto) of the Parent and its consolidated Subsidiaries together with the auditors’ report delivered to the Facility Agent in the case of the final quarter of each such fiscal year.
“Consolidated EBITDA” shall mean, for any relevant period, the aggregate of:
15  (i)         Consolidated Net Income from the Parent’s operations for such period; and (ii)       the aggregate amounts deducted in determining Consolidated Net Income for such period in respect of gains and losses from the sale of assets or reserves relating thereto, Consolidated Interest Expense, depreciation and amortization, impairment charges and any other non-cash charges and deferred income tax expense for such period.
“Consolidated Interest Expense” shall mean, for any relevant period, the consolidated interest expense (excluding capitalized interest) of the NCLC Group for such period.
“Consolidated Net Income” shall mean, for any relevant period, the consolidated net income (or loss) of the NCLC Group for such period as determined in accordance with GAAP.
“Construction Contract” shall mean the Shipbuilding Contract (in relation to Hull No.
[*]) for the Vessel, originally dated June 14, 2013 and as subsequently novated, amended and restated on July 8, 2014, among the Yard in that capacity, the Borrower, as buyer of the Vessel and the Parent as guarantor of the Borrower, as such Shipbuilding Contract may be amended, modified or supplemented from time to time in accordance with the terms thereof and hereof including, without limitation, pursuant to Addendum No.
3.
“Construction Risk Insurance” shall mean any and all insurance policies related to the Construction Contract and the construction of the Vessel.
“Credit Documents” shall mean this Agreement, any Fee Letters, each Security Document, the Security Trust Deed, any Transfer Certificate, any Assignment Agreement, the Interaction Agreement, the First Supplemental Agreement, the Second Supplemental Agreement, the Third Supplemental Agreement and, after the execution and delivery thereof, each additional guaranty or additional security document executed pursuant to Section 9.10.
“Credit Document Obligations” shall mean, except to the extent consisting of obligations, liabilities or indebtedness with respect to Interest Rate Protection Agreements or Other Hedging Agreements, the full and prompt payment when due (whether at the stated maturity, by acceleration or otherwise) of all obligations, liabilities and indebtedness (including, without limitation, principal, premium, interest, fees and indemnities (including, without limitation, all interest that accrues after the commencement of any case, proceeding or other action relating to the bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or similar proceeding of any Credit Party at the rate provided for in the respective documentation, whether or not a claim for post-petition interest is allowed in any such proceeding)) of each Credit Party to the Lender Creditors (provided, in respect of the Lender Creditors which are Lenders, such aforementioned obligations, liabilities and indebtedness shall arise only for such Lenders (in such capacity) in respect of Loans and/or Commitments), whether now existing or hereafter incurred under, arising out of, or in connection with this Agreement and the other Credit Documents to which such Credit Party is a party (including, in the case of each Credit Party that is a Guarantor, all such obligations, liabilities and indebtedness of such Credit Party under the Parent Guaranty) and the due performance and compliance by such Credit Party with all of the terms, conditions and agreements contained in this Agreement and in such other Credit Documents.
16  “Credit Party” shall mean the Borrower, the Parent and each Subsidiary of the Parent that owns a direct interest in the Borrower.
“Debt Deferral Extension Regular Monitoring Requirements” means the general test scheme/information package in the form set out in Schedule 1.01(e) to this Agreement submitted or to be submitted (as the case may be) by the Borrower (or the Parent on its behalf) in accordance with Section 9.01(k).
“Default” shall mean any event, act or condition which with notice or lapse of time, or both, would constitute an Event of Default.
“Defaulting Lender” shall mean any Lender with respect to which a Lender Default is in effect.
“Deferral Period” means the First Deferral Period and/or the Second Deferral Period (as the context may require).
“Deferred Loan” means the deemed advance by the Lenders (in Dollars) of the First Deferred Loans and/or the Second Deferred Loans (as the context may require).
“Deferred Portion” means, in relation to a Loan, an amount equal to the principal amount of the repayment instalment in respect of such Loan that is at the relevant time required to have been repaid on the Repayment Dates falling during the relevant Deferral Period and the repayment in respect of which shall be deferred in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement.
“Delegate Collateral Agent” shall mean KfW IPEX-Bank GmbH or such other person as the Collateral Agent shall notify to the other parties hereto as the person who has been appointed as a delegate collateral agent, acting in its capacity as trustee for the Secured Creditors with respect to the Trust Property Delegated (as defined in the Security Trust Deed) pursuant to the Security Trust Deed.
“Discharged Rights and Obligations” shall have the meaning provided in Section 13.06(c)(i).
“Dispute” shall have the meaning provided in Section 14.07(b).
“Disqualified Stock” means, with respect to any Person, any Capital Stock of such Person which, by its terms (or by the terms of any security into which it is convertible or for which it is redeemable or exchangeable), or upon the happening of any event: (1)        matures or is mandatorily redeemable, pursuant to a sinking fund obligation or otherwise (other than as a result of a change of control or asset sale),
17  (2)        is convertible or exchangeable for Indebtedness or Disqualified Stock of such Person, or (3)        is redeemable at the option of the holder thereof, in whole or in part (other than solely as a result of a change of control or asset sale), in each case prior to 91 days after the Maturity Date; provided, however, that only the portion of Capital Stock which so matures or is mandatorily redeemable, is so convertible or exchangeable or is so redeemable at the option of the holder thereof prior to such date shall be deemed to be Disqualified Stock; provided, however, that if such Capital Stock is issued to any employee or to any plan for the benefit of employees of the Parent or its Subsidiaries or by any such plan to such employees, such Capital Stock shall not constitute Disqualified Stock solely because it may be required to be repurchased by the Parent in order to satisfy applicable statutory or regulatory obligations or as a result of such employee’s termination, death or disability; provided, further, that any class of Capital Stock of such Person that by its terms authorizes such Person to satisfy its obligations thereunder by delivery of Capital Stock that is not Disqualified Stock shall not be deemed to be Disqualified Stock.
“Disruption Event” means either or both of: (a)       a material disruption to those payment or communications systems or to those financial markets which are, in each case, required to operate in order for payments to be made in connection with this Agreement (or otherwise in order for the transactions contemplated by the Credit Documents to be carried out) which disruption is not caused by, and is beyond the control of, any of the parties to this Agreement; or (b)       the occurrence of any other event which results in a disruption (of a technical or systems-related nature) to the treasury or payments operations of a party to this Agreement preventing such party, or any other party to this Agreement: (i)       from performing its payment obligations under the Credit Documents; or (ii)       from communicating with other parties to this Agreement in accordance with the terms of the Credit Documents, and which (in either such case) is not caused by, and is beyond the control of, the party to this Agreement whose operations are disrupted.
“Dividend” shall mean, with respect to any Person, that such Person or any Subsidiary of such Person has declared or paid a dividend or returned any equity capital to its stockholders, partners or members or the holders of options or warrants issued by such Person with respect to its Capital Stock or membership interests or authorized or made any other distribution, payment or delivery of property (other than common stock or the right to purchase any of such stock of such Person) or cash to its stockholders, partners or members or the holders of options or warrants issued by such Person with respect to its Capital Stock or membership interests as such, or redeemed, retired, purchased or otherwise acquired, directly or indirectly, for a consideration any shares of any class of its Capital Stock or any other Capital Stock outstanding on or after the Effective Date (or any options or warrants issued by such Person with respect to its Capital Stock or other Equity Interests), or set aside any funds for any of the foregoing purposes, or shall have permitted any of its Subsidiaries to purchase or otherwise acquire for a consideration any shares of any class of the Capital Stock or any other Equity Interests of such Person outstanding on or after the Effective Date (or any options or warrants issued by such Person with respect to its Capital Stock or other Equity Interests).
Without limiting the foregoing, “Dividends” with respect to any Person shall also include all payments made or required to be made by such Person with respect to any stock appreciation rights, plans, equity incentive or achievement plans or any similar plans or setting aside of any funds for the foregoing purposes.
18  “Dollars” and the sign “$” shall each mean lawful money of the United States.
“Dormant Subsidiary” means a Subsidiary that owns assets in an amount equal to no more than $5,000,000 or is dormant or otherwise inactive.
“Earmarked Foreign Exchange Arrangements” shall mean the Euro/Dollar foreign exchange arranged by the Borrower and/or the Parent in connection with an installment payment to be partially financed by the Loans to be disbursed on the date on which such installment payment is to be made.
19  “Earnings and Insurance Collateral” shall mean all “Earnings” and “Insurances”, as the case may be, as defined in the Assignment of Earnings and Insurances.
“ECA” shall mean any export credit agency.
“Effective Date” has the meaning specified in Section 14.09.
“Eligible Transferee” shall mean and include a commercial bank, insurance company, financial institution, fund or other Person which regularly purchases interests in loans or extensions of credit of the types made pursuant to this Agreement.
“Environmental Approvals” shall have the meaning provided in Section 8.17(b).
“Environmental Claims” shall mean any and all administrative, regulatory or judicial actions, suits, demands, demand letters, directives, claims, liens, notices of noncompliance or violation, relating in any way to any Environmental Law or any permit issued, or any approval given, under any such Environmental Law (hereafter, “Claims”), including, without limitation, (a) any and all Claims by governmental or regulatory authorities for enforcement, cleanup, removal, response, remedial or other actions or damages pursuant to any applicable Environmental Law, and (b) any and all Claims by any third party seeking damages, contribution, indemnification, cost recovery, compensation or injunctive relief in connection with alleged injury or threat of injury to health, safety or the environment due to the presence of Hazardous Materials.
“Environmental Law” shall mean any applicable Federal, state, foreign or local statute, law, rule, regulation, ordinance, code, binding and enforceable guideline, binding and enforceable written policy and rule of common law now or hereafter in effect and in each case as amended, and any judicial or administrative interpretation thereof, including any judicial or administrative order, consent decree or judgment, to the extent binding on the Parent or any of its Subsidiaries, relating to the environment, and/or Hazardous Materials, including, without limitation, CERCLA; OPA; the Federal Water Pollution Control Act, 33 U.S.C.
§ 1251 et seq.
; the Hazardous Material Transportation Act, 49 U.S.C.
§ 1801 et seq.
; the Occupational Safety and Health Act, 29 U.S.C.
§ 651 et seq.
(to the extent it regulates occupational exposure to Hazardous Materials); and any state and local or foreign counterparts or equivalents, in each case as amended from time to time.
“Environmental Release” shall mean any spilling, leaking, pumping, pouring, emitting, emptying, discharging, injecting, escaping, leaching, dumping, disposing or migration into the environment.
“Equity Interests” means Capital Stock and all warrants, options or other rights to acquire Capital Stock (but excluding any debt security that is convertible into, or exchangeable for, Capital Stock).
"EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule" means the document described as such and published by the Loan Market Association (or any successor person) from time to time.
20  “Euro” and the sign “€” shall each mean single currency in the member states of the European Communities that adopt or have adopted the Euro as its lawful currency under the legislation of the European Union for European Monetary Union.
“Event of Default” shall have the meaning provided in Section 11.
“Event of Loss” shall mean any of the following events: (x) the actual or constructive total loss of the Vessel or the agreed or compromised total loss of the Vessel; or (y) the capture, condemnation, confiscation, requisition (but excluding any requisition for hire by or on behalf of any government or governmental authority or agency or by any persons acting or purporting to act on behalf of any such government or governmental authority or agency), purchase, seizure or forfeiture of, or any taking of title to, the Vessel.
An Event of Loss shall be deemed to have occurred: (i) in the event of an actual loss of the Vessel, at the time and on the date of such loss or if such time and date are not known at noon Greenwich Mean Time on the date which the Vessel was last heard from; (ii) in the event of damage which results in a constructive or compromised or arranged total loss of the Vessel, at the time and on the date on which notice claiming the loss of the Vessel is given to the insurers; or (iii) in the case of an event referred to in clause (y) above, at the time and on the date on which such event is expressed to take effect by the Person making the same.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Vessel shall have been returned to the Borrower or any Subsidiary of the Borrower following any event referred to in clause (y) above prior to the date upon which payment is required to be made under Section 4.02(b) hereof, no Event of Loss shall be deemed to have occurred by reason of such event so long as the requirements set forth in Section 9.10 have been satisfied.
“Excluded Taxes” shall have the meaning provided in Section 4.04(a).
“Existing Lender” shall have the meaning provided in Section 13.01(a).
“Facility Agent” shall have the meaning provided in the first paragraph of this Agreement, and shall include any successor thereto.
“FATCA” means: (i)                sections 1471 to 1474 of the Code or any associated regulations; (ii)              any treaty, law or regulation of any other jurisdiction, or relating to an intergovernmental agreement between the U.S. and any other jurisdiction, which (in either case) facilitates the implementation of any law or regulation referred to in paragraph (i) above; or (iii)             any agreement pursuant to the implementation of any treaty, law or regulation referred to in paragraphs (i) or (ii) above with the U.S. Internal Revenue Service, the U.S. government or any governmental or taxation authority in any other jurisdiction.
“FATCA Application Date” means: (i)               in relation to a “withholdable payment” described in section 1473(1)(A)(i) of the Code (which relates to payments of interest and certain other payments from sources within the U.S.), 1 July 2014; or (ii)               in relation to a “passthru payment” described in section 1471(d)(7) of the Code not falling within paragraph (i) above, the first date from which such payment may become subject to a deduction or withholding required by FATCA.
“FATCA Deduction” means a deduction or withholding from a payment under a Credit Document required by FATCA.
“FATCA Exempt Party” means a party to this Agreement that is entitled to receive payments free from any FATCA Deduction.
“FATCA FFI” means a foreign financial institution as defined in Section 1471(d)(4) of the Code which, if any Lender is not a FATCA Exempt Party, could be required to make a FATCA Deduction.
“Fee Letter” means any letter or letters entered into by reference to this Agreement between any or all of the Facility Agent, the Initial Mandated Lead Arranger and/or the Lenders and (in any case) the Borrower or the Parent (as applicable) setting out the amount of certain fees referred to in, or payable in connection with, this Agreement.
“Final Construction Price” shall mean the actual final construction price of the Vessel.
22  “First Deferral Effective Date” has the meaning given to the term “Effective Date” in the Second Supplemental Agreement.
“First Deferral Period” means the period from the First Deferral Effective Date to March 31, 2021 (inclusive).
“First Deferred Loan” means the deemed advance by the Lenders (in Dollars) during the First Deferral Period of a proportion of the Total Commitments in accordance with Section 2.02(c) and which shall constitute a separate Loan repayable in accordance with Section 4.02.
“First Hermes Installment” shall have the meaning provided in Section 2.02(a)(ii).
“First Supplemental Agreement” means the supplemental agreement dated December 22, 2015, and entered into between, amongst others, the parties to this Agreement pursuant to which this Agreement was amended and restated in connection with an increase of the Total Commitments.
All filings, deliveries of instruments and other actions necessary or desirable in the reasonable opinion of the Collateral Agent to perfect and preserve such security interests shall have been duly effected and the Collateral Agent shall have received evidence thereof in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent.
24  (vi)             On each Flag Jurisdiction Transfer Date, the Collateral and Guaranty Requirements for the Vessel shall have been satisfied or waived by the Facility Agent for a specific period of time.
“Flag Jurisdiction Transfer Date” shall mean the date on which a Flag Jurisdiction Transfer occurs.
“Floating Rate Interest Period” shall have the meaning provided in Section 2.08.
“Floating Rate Margin” shall mean:   “Framework” means the document titled “Debt Deferral Extension Framework” in the form set out in Schedule 1.01(d) to this Agreement (as may be amended from time to time), and which sets out certain key principles and parameters relating to, amongst other things, the further temporary suspension of repayments of principal in connection with certain qualifying Loan Agreements (as defined therein) and being applicable to Hermes-covered loan agreements such as this Agreement and more particularly the Second Deferred Loans hereunder.
“Free Liquidity” shall mean, at any date of determination, the aggregate of the Cash Balance and any Commitments under this Agreement or any other amounts available for drawing under other revolving or other credit facilities of the NCLC Group, which remain undrawn, could be drawn for general working capital purposes or other general corporate purposes and would not, if drawn, be repayable within six months.
“GAAP” shall have the meaning provided in Section 14.06(a).
“Grace Period” shall have the meaning provided in Section 11.05(c).
“Guarantor” shall mean Parent.
“Hazardous Materials” shall mean: (a) any petroleum or petroleum products, radioactive materials, asbestos in any form that is or could become friable, urea formaldehyde foam insulation, transformers or other equipment that contain dielectric fluid containing levels of polychlorinated biphenyls, and radon gas; (b) any chemicals, materials or substances defined as or included in the definition of “hazardous substances,” “hazardous waste,” “hazardous materials,” “extremely hazardous substances,” “restricted hazardous waste,” “toxic substances,” “toxic pollutants,” “contaminants,” or “pollutants,” or words of similar import, under any applicable Environmental Law; and (c) any other chemical, material or substance, exposure to which is prohibited, limited or regulated by any governmental authority under Environmental Laws.
25  “Heads of Terms” shall have the meaning provided in Section 14.09.
“Hermes” shall mean Euler Hermes Aktiengesellschaft, Gasstraβe 27, 22761 Hamburg acting in its capacity as representative of the Federal Republic of Germany in connection with the issuance of export credit guarantees.
“Hermes Agent” shall have the meaning provided in the first paragraph of this Agreement, and shall include any successor thereto, acting as attorney-in-fact for the Lenders with respect to the Hermes Cover to the extent described in this Agreement.
“Hermes Cover” shall mean the export credit guarantee (Exportkreditgarantie) on the terms of Hermes’ Declaration of Guarantee (Gewährleistungs-Erklärung) for 95% of the principal amount of the Loans and any interests and secondary financing costs of the Federal Republic of Germany acting through Euler Hermes Aktiengesellschaft for the period of the Loans on the terms and conditions applied for by the Lenders, and shall include any successor thereto (it being understood that the Hermes Cover shall be issued on the basis of Hermes’ applicable Hermes guidelines (Richtlinien) and general terms and conditions (Allgemeine Bedingungen)).
“Hermes Debt Deferral Extension Premium” means the additional premium payable to Hermes as a result of the increase to the Hermes Cover arising as a consequence of the making of the Second Deferred Loans, such amount as notified in writing by the Hermes Agent to the Borrower.
“Holdings” means Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd. “Impaired Agent” shall mean an Agent at any time when:
“Indebtedness” shall mean any obligation for the payment or repayment of money, whether as principal or as surety and whether present or future, actual or contingent including, without limitation, pursuant to an Interest Rate Protection Agreement or Other Hedging Agreement.
“Indebtedness for Borrowed Money” shall mean Indebtedness (whether present or future, actual or contingent, long-term or short-term, secured or unsecured) in respect of:       provided that the following shall not constitute Indebtedness for Borrowed Money:
27  “Information” shall have the meaning provided in Section 8.10(a).
“Initial Borrowing Date” shall mean the date occurring on or after the Effective Date on which the initial Borrowing of Loans (other than Deferred Loans) hereunder occurs, which date shall, subject to Section 5, coincide with the date of payment of the first installment of the Initial Construction Price for the Vessel under the Construction Contract.
“Initial Mandated Lead Arranger” shall have the meaning provided in the first paragraph of this Agreement, and shall include any successor thereto.
“Initial Syndication Date” shall mean the date, if applicable, on which KfW IPEX-Bank GmbH ceases to be the only Lender by transferring all or part of its rights as a Lender under this Agreement to one or more banks or financial institutions pursuant to Section 13.
“Insolvency Event” in relation to any of the parties to this Agreement shall mean that such party:
28        “Interaction Agreement” shall mean the interaction agreement executed or to be executed by, inter alia (i) each Lender that elects to become a Refinanced Bank, (ii) the CIRR Representative, and (iii) the CIRR Agent substantially in the form of Exhibit C. “Interest Determination Date” shall mean, with respect to any Loan, the second Business Day prior to the commencement of any Interest Period relating to such Loan.
“Interest Period” shall mean either the Fixed Rate Interest Period or, as the context may require, the Floating Rate Interest Period.
“Interest Rate Protection Agreement” shall mean any interest rate swap agreement, interest rate cap agreement, interest collar agreement, interest rate hedging agreement, interest rate floor agreement or other similar agreement or arrangement entered into between a Lender or its Affiliate, or a Lead Arranger or its Affiliate, and the Parent and/or the Borrower in relation to the Credit Document Obligations of the Borrower under this Agreement.
29  “Interest Make-Up Agreement” shall mean an interest make-up agreement entered into between the CIRR Representative and any Lender pursuant to Section 1.2.4 of the CIRR General Terms and Conditions.
“Investments” shall have the meaning provided in Section 10.04.
“KfW” shall mean KfW in its capacity as refinancing bank with respect to the KfW Refinancing.
“KfW Refinancing” shall mean the refinancing of the respective loans of the Refinanced Banks hereunder with KfW pursuant to Sections 1.2.1, 1.2.2 and 1.2.3 of the CIRR General Terms and Conditions, as modified by the parties to the KfW Refinancing pursuant to, inter alia, the Interaction Agreement.
“Lead Arrangers” shall mean the Initial Mandated Lead Arranger together with and any other bank or financial institution appointed as an arranger by the Initial Mandated Lead Arranger and the Borrower for the purpose of this Agreement.
“Lender” shall mean each financial institution listed on Schedule 1.01(a), as well as any Person which becomes a “Lender” hereunder pursuant to Section 13.
“Lender Creditors” shall mean the Lenders holding from time to time outstanding Loans and/or Commitments and the Agents, each in their respective capacities.
“Lender Default” shall mean, as to any Lender, (i) the wrongful refusal (which has not been retracted) of such Lender or the failure of such Lender to make available its portion of any Borrowing, unless such failure to pay is caused by administrative or technical error or a Disruption Event and payment is made within three Business Days of its due date; (ii) such Lender having been deemed insolvent or having become the subject of a takeover by a regulatory authority or with respect to which an Insolvency Event has occurred and is continuing; (iii) such Lender having notified the Facility Agent and/or any Credit Party (x) that it does not intend to comply with its obligations under Section 2.01 in circumstances where such non-compliance would constitute a breach of such Lender’s obligations under such Section or (y) of the events described in preceding clause (ii); or (iv) such Lender not being in compliance with its refinancing obligations owed to KfW under its respective Refinancing Agreement or the Interaction Agreement.
“Lien” shall mean any mortgage, pledge, hypothecation, assignment, deposit arrangement, encumbrance, lien (statutory or other), preference, priority or other security agreement of any kind or nature whatsoever (including, without limitation, any conditional sale or other title retention agreement, any financing or similar statement or notice filed under the UCC or any other similar recording or notice statute, and any lease having substantially the same effect as any of the foregoing); provided that in no event shall an operating lease be deemed to constitute a Lien.
“Loan” and “Loans” shall have the meaning provided in Section 2.01 and shall include Deferred Loans made in accordance with Section 2.02(c).
30  “Management Agreements” shall mean any agreements entered into by the Borrower with a Manager, and which agreements shall be reasonably acceptable to the Facility Agent (it being understood that the form of management agreement attached as Annex A to Exhibit O is acceptable).
“Manager” shall mean (i) the company providing commercial and technical management and crewing services for the Vessel, which is contemplated to be, as of the Delivery Date, NCL Corporation Ltd., a company organized and existing under the laws of Bermuda, or NCL (Bahamas) Ltd., a company organized and existing under the laws of Bermuda (and each of which is approved for such purpose) or (ii) such other commercial manager and/or technical manager with respect to the management of the Vessel reasonably acceptable to the Facility Agent.
“Manager’s Undertakings” shall mean the undertakings, provided by any Manager respecting the Vessel, including, inter alia, a statement satisfactory to the Facility Agent that any lien in favor of a Manager respecting the Vessel is subject and subordinate to the Vessel Mortgage in substantially the form attached to the Assignment of Management Agreements or otherwise reasonably satisfactory to the Facility Agent.
“Market Disruption Event” shall mean:   “Material Adverse Effect” shall mean the occurrence of anything since December 31, 2013 which has had or would reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on (x) the property, assets, business, operations, liabilities, or condition (financial or otherwise) of the Parent and its subsidiaries taken as a whole, (y) the consummation of the transactions hereunder, the acquisition of the Vessel and the Construction Contract, or (z) the rights or remedies of the Lenders, or the ability of the Parent and its relevant Subsidiaries to perform their obligations owed to the Lenders and the Agents under this Agreement.
31  “Materials of Environmental Concern” shall have the meaning provided in Section 8.17(a).
“Moody’s” shall mean Moody’s Investors Service, Inc. and its successors.
“NCLC Fleet” shall mean the vessels owned by the companies in the NCLC Group.
“NCLC Group” shall mean the Parent and its Subsidiaries.
“New Lender” shall mean a Person who has been assigned the rights or transferred the rights and obligations of an Existing Lender, as the case may be, pursuant to the provisions of Section 13.
“Non-Defaulting Lender” shall mean and include each Lender other than a Defaulting Lender.
“Notice of Borrowing” shall have the meaning provided in Section 2.03.
“OPA” shall mean the Oil Pollution Act of 1990, as amended, 33 U.S.C.
§ 2701 et seq.
“Other Creditors” shall mean any Lender or any Affiliate thereof and their successors, transferees and assigns if any (even if such Lender subsequently ceases to be a Lender under this Agreement for any reason), together with such Lender’s or Affiliate’s successors, transferees and assigns, with which the Parent and/or the Borrower enters into any Interest Rate Protection Agreements or Other Hedging Agreements from time to time.
“Other Hedging Agreement” shall mean any foreign exchange contracts, currency swap agreements, commodity agreements or other similar agreements or arrangements entered into between a Lender or its Affiliate, or a Lead Arranger or its Affiliates, and the Parent and/or the Borrower in relation to the Credit Document Obligations of the Borrower under this Agreement and designed to protect against the fluctuations in currency or commodity values.
32  “Other Obligations” shall mean the full and prompt payment when due (whether at the stated maturity, by acceleration or otherwise) of all obligations, liabilities and indebtedness (including, without limitation, all interest that accrues after the commencement of any case, proceeding or other action relating to the bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or similar proceeding of any Credit Party at the rate provided for in the respective documentation, whether or not a claim for post-petition interest is allowed in any such proceeding) owing by any Credit Party to the Other Creditors under, or with respect to, any Interest Rate Protection Agreement or Other Hedging Agreement, whether such Interest Rate Protection Agreement or Other Hedging Agreement is now in existence or hereafter arising, and the due performance and compliance by such Credit Party with all of the terms, conditions and agreements contained therein.
“Parent” shall have the meaning provided in the first paragraph of this Agreement.
“Parent Guaranty” shall mean the guaranty of the Parent pursuant to Section 15.
“Participant Register” shall have the meaning provided in Section 13.11(c).
“PATRIOT Act” shall have the meaning provided in Section 14.09.
“Permitted Change Orders” shall mean change orders and similar arrangements under the Construction Contract which increase the Initial Construction Price to the extent that the aggregate amount of such increases does not exceed the amount of the change orders agreed in Addendum No.
3, namely €[*] (it being understood that the actual amount of change orders and similar arrangements may exceed €[*]).
“Permitted Chartering Arrangements” shall mean:
33  “Permitted Intercompany Arrangements” shall mean any intercompany loan or operating arrangement which from an accounting perspective has the effect of an intercompany loan, between or among members of the NCLC Group: (a) existing as of the date of the Third Supplemental Agreement; (b) so long as (x) made solely for the purpose of regulatory or tax purposes carried out in the ordinary course of business and on an arms’ length basis and (y) the aggregate principal amount of all such loans or operating arrangements does not exceed $[*] at any time; or (c) that has been approved with the prior written consent of Hermes.
“Permitted Liens” shall have the meaning provided in Section 10.01.
“Person” or “person” shall mean any individual, partnership, joint venture, firm, corporation, association, trust or other enterprise or any government or political subdivision, department or instrumentality thereof.
“Pledgor” shall mean NCL Corporation Ltd. or any direct or indirect Subsidiary of the Parent which directly owns any of the Capital Stock of the Borrower.
"Poseidon Principles" means the financial industry framework for assessing and disclosing the climate alignment of ship finance portfolios published in June 2019 as the same may be amended or replaced to reflect changes in applicable law or regulation or the introduction of or changes to mandatory requirements of the International Maritime Organisation from time to time.
“Pre-delivery Installment” shall have the meaning provided in the definition of “Initial Construction Price”.
“Principles” means the document titled "Cruise Debt Holiday Principles" and dated 26 March 2020 in the form set out in Schedule 1.01(c) to this Agreement (as may be amended from time to time), and which sets out certain key principles and parameters relating to, amongst other things, the temporary suspension of repayments of principal in connection with certain qualifying Loan Agreements (as defined therein) and being applicable to Hermes-covered loan agreements such as this Agreement and more particularly the First Deferred Loans hereunder.
“Pro Rata Share” shall have the definition provided in Section 4.05(b).
34  “Projections” shall mean any projections and any forward-looking statements (including statements with respect to booked business) of the NCLC Group furnished to the Lenders or the Facility Agent by or on behalf of any member of the NCLC Group prior to the Effective Date.
“Reference Banks” shall mean Citibank and JPMorgan and any additional or replacement Reference Bank appointed by the Facility Agent with the approval of the Borrower.
“Refinancing Agreement” shall mean each refinancing agreement in respect of the KfW Refinancing.
“Refinanced Bank” shall mean each Lender participating in the KfW Refinancing.
“Refund Guarantee” shall mean a, or if more than one, each refund guarantee arranged by the Yard in respect of a Pre-delivery Installment and provided by one or more financial institutions contemplated by the Construction Contract, or by other financial institutions reasonably satisfactory to the Lead Arrangers, as credit support for the Yard’s obligations thereunder.
“Register” shall have the meaning provided in Section 14.15.
“Relevant Obligations” shall have the meaning provided in Section 13.07(c)(ii).
“Repayment Date” shall mean each semi-annual date on which a Scheduled Repayment is required to be made pursuant to Section 4.02(a).
“Replaced Lender” shall have the meaning provided in Section 2.12.
“Replacement Lender” shall have the meaning provided in Section 2.12.
“Representative” shall have the meaning provided in Section 4.05(d).
“Required Insurance” shall have the meaning provided in Section 9.03.
“Required Lenders” shall mean, at any time, Non-Defaulting Lenders, the sum of whose outstanding Commitments and/or principal amount of Loans at such time represent an amount greater than 66⅔% of the sum of the Total Commitment (less the aggregate Commitments of all Defaulting Lenders at such time) and the aggregate principal amount of outstanding Loans (less the amount of outstanding Loans of all Defaulting Lenders at such time).
"Resolution Authority" means any body which has authority to exercise any Write-down and Conversion Powers.
“Restatement Date” shall have the meaning given to this expression in the First Supplemental Agreement.
“S&P” shall mean Standard & Poor’s Rating Services, a division of the McGraw-Hill Companies, Inc., and its successors.
35  “Scheduled Repayment” shall have the meaning provided in Section 4.02(a).
“Screen Rate” shall have the meaning specified in the definition of Eurodollar Rate.
“Second Deferral Effective Date” has the meaning given to the term “Effective Date” in the Third Supplemental Agreement.
“Second Deferral Period” means the period from the Second Deferral Effective Date through March 31, 2022 (inclusive).
“Second Deferred Loan” means the deemed advance by the Lenders (in Dollars) during the Second Deferral Period of a proportion of the Total Commitments in accordance with Section 2.02(c) and which shall constitute a separate Loan repayable in accordance with Section 4.02.
“Second Deferred Loan Repayment Date” means the date on which the Second Deferred Loans have been repaid or prepaid in full.
“Secured Creditors” shall mean the “Secured Creditors” as defined in the Security Documents.
“Secured Obligations” shall mean (i) the Credit Document Obligations, (ii) the Other Obligations, (iii) any and all sums advanced by any Agent in order to preserve the Collateral or preserve the Collateral Agent’s security interest in the Collateral on behalf of the Lenders, (iv) in the event of any proceeding for the collection or enforcement of any indebtedness, obligations or liabilities of the Credit Parties referred to in clauses (i) and (ii) above, after an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, the expenses in connection with retaking, holding, preparing for sale or lease, selling or otherwise disposing of or realizing on the Collateral, or of any exercise by the Collateral Agent of its rights hereunder on behalf of the Lenders, together with reasonable attorneys’ fees and court costs, and (v) all amounts paid by any Secured Creditor as to which such Secured Creditor has the right to reimbursement under the Security Documents.
“Security Documents” shall mean, as applicable, the Assignment of Contracts, the Assignment of Earnings and Insurances, the Assignment of Charters, the Assignment of Management Agreements, the Charge of KfW Refund Guarantees, the Share Charge, the Vessel Mortgage, the Deed of Covenants, and, after the execution thereof, each additional security document executed pursuant to Section 9.10 and/or Section 12.01(b).
“Security Trust Deed” shall mean the Security Trust Deed executed by, inter alia, the Borrower, the Guarantor, the Collateral Agent, the Facility Agent, the Original Secured Creditors (as defined therein) and the Delegate Collateral Agent and shall be substantially in the form of Exhibit P or otherwise reasonably acceptable to the Facility Agent.
“Share Charge” shall have the meaning provided in Section 5.06.
36  “Share Charge Collateral” shall mean all “Collateral” as defined in the Share Charge.
“Sky Vessel” shall mean [*] presently owned by and registered in the name of Norwegian Sky, Ltd. of Bermuda (an Affiliate of the Parent) under the laws and flag of the Commonwealth of the Bahamas, which was purchased by Norwegian Sky, Ltd. on the terms set forth in the fully executed memorandum of agreement related to the sale of such vessel, dated on or around May 30, 2012 (as amended from time to time with the consent of the Lenders as required pursuant to Section 10.11).
“Sky Vessel Indebtedness” shall mean the financing arrangements secured by, among other things, the Sky Vessel, pursuant to the Fourth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated 2 January 2019 (as may be further supplemented, amended, restated or otherwise modified from time to time) between, among others, the Parent as company, Voyager Vessel Company, LLC as co-borrower, the lenders from time to time party thereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.
as administrative agent, collateral agent.
“Specified Requirements” shall mean the requirements set forth in clauses (i)(A) and (i)(B) (including, for the avoidance of doubt, paragraphs (i)(a) or (i)(b)), (iii), (v)(c) and (v)(f)) of the definition of “Collateral and Guaranty Requirements.” “Spot Rate” shall mean the spot exchange rate quoted by the Facility Agent equal to the weighted average of the rates on the actual transactions of the Facility Agent on the date two Business Days prior to the date of determination thereof (acting reasonably), which spot exchange rate shall be final and conclusive absent manifest error.
“Subsidiary” shall mean, as to any Person, (i) any corporation more than 50% of whose stock of any class or classes having by the terms thereof ordinary voting power to elect a majority of the directors of such corporation (irrespective of whether or not at the time stock of any class or classes of such corporation shall have or might have voting power by reason of the happening of any contingency) is at the time owned by such Person and/or one or more Subsidiaries of such Person and (ii) any partnership, limited liability company, association, joint venture or other entity in which such Person and/or one or more Subsidiaries of such Person has more than a 50% Equity Interest at the time.
“Supervision Agreements” shall mean any agreements (if any) entered or to be entered into between the Parent, as applicable, the Borrower and a Supervisor providing for the construction supervision of the Vessel, the terms and conditions of which shall be in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Facility Agent.
“Supervisor” shall have the meaning provided in the Construction Contract.
“Tax Benefit” shall have the meaning provided in Section 4.04(c).
“Taxes” and “Taxation” shall have the meaning provided in Section 4.04(a).
“Total Capitalization” shall mean, at any date of determination, the Total Net Funded Debt plus the consolidated stockholders’ equity of the NCLC Group at such date determined in accordance with GAAP and derived from the then latest unaudited and consolidated financial statements of the NCLC Group delivered to the Facility Agent in the case of the first three quarters of each fiscal year and the then latest audited consolidated financial statements of the NCLC Group delivered to the Facility Agent in the case of each fiscal year; provided it is understood that the effect of any impairment of intangible assets shall be added back to stockholders’ equity.
“Total Commitment” shall mean, at any time, the sum of the Commitments of the Lenders at such time.
“Total Net Funded Debt” shall mean, as at any relevant date:   less an amount equal to any Cash Balance as at such date; provided that any Commitments and other amounts available for drawing under other revolving or other credit facilities of the NCLC Group which remain undrawn shall not be counted as cash or indebtedness for the purposes of this Agreement.
“Transaction” shall mean collectively (i) the execution, delivery and performance by each Credit Party of the Credit Documents to which it is a party, the incurrence of Loans on each Borrowing Date and the use of proceeds thereof and (ii) the payment of all fees and expenses in connection with the foregoing.
“Transfer Date” shall have the meaning given to this expression in the First Supplemental Agreement.
“UCC” shall mean the Uniform Commercial Code as from time to time in effect in the relevant jurisdiction.
"UK Bail-In Legislation" means (to the extent that the United Kingdom is not an EEA Member Country which has implemented, or implements, Article 55 BRRD) Part 1 of the United Kingdom Banking Act 2009 and any other law or regulation applicable in the United Kingdom relating to the resolution of unsound or failing banks, investment firms or other financial institutes or their affiliates (otherwise than through liquidation, administration or other insolvency proceedings).
38  “United States” and “U.S.” shall each mean the United States of America.
“U.S.
Tax Obligor” means: (i)       a Borrower which is resident for tax purposes in the U.S.; or (ii)      a Credit Party some or all of whose payments under the Credit Documents are from sources within the U.S. for U.S. federal income tax purposes.
“Vessel” shall mean the post-panamax luxury passenger cruise vessel with approximately 164,600 gt and hull number [*] constructed by the Yard (and named “Norwegian Bliss” at the time of its delivery from the Yard).
“Vessel Mortgage” shall have the meaning provided in the definition of “Collateral and Guaranty Requirements”.
“Vessel Value” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 10.08.
“Yard” shall mean Meyer Werft GmbH, Papenburg/Germany, the shipbuilder constructing the Vessel pursuant to the Construction Contract.
"Write-down and Conversion Powers" means: (a)       in relation to any Bail-In Legislation described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule from time to time, the powers described as such in relation to that Bail-In Legislation in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule; (b)       in relation to any other applicable Bail-In Legislation: (i)        any powers under that Bail-In Legislation to cancel, transfer or dilute shares issued by a person that is a bank or investment firm or other financial institution or affiliate of a bank, investment firm or other financial institution, to cancel, reduce, modify or change the form of a liability of such a person or any contract or instrument under which that liability arises, to convert all or part of that liability into shares, securities or obligations of that person or any other person, to provide that any such contract or instrument is to have effect as if a right had been exercised under it or to suspend any obligation in respect of that liability or any of the powers under that Bail-In Legislation that are related to or ancillary to any of those powers; and
39  (ii)       any similar or analogous powers under that Bail-In Legislation; and (c)       in relation to any UK Bail-In Legislation: (i)       any powers under that UK Bail-In Legislation to cancel, transfer or dilute shares issued by a person that is a bank or investment firm or other financial institution or affiliate of a bank, investment firm or other financial institution, to cancel, reduce, modify or change the form of a liability of such a person or any contract or instrument under which that liability arises, to convert all or part of that liability into shares, securities or obligations of that person or any other person, to provide that any such contract or instrument is to have effect as if a right had been exercised under it or to suspend any obligation in respect of that liability or any of the powers under that UK Bail-In Legislation that are related to or ancillary to any of those powers; and (ii)       any similar or analogous powers under that UK Bail-In Legislation.
SECTION 2.
Amount and Terms of Credit Facility.
2.02 Amount and Timing of Each Borrowing; Currency of Disbursements.
Each such Deferred Loan shall be automatic and notional only, and effected by means of a book entry to finance the repayment instalment of the Loan then due.
2.03 Notice of Borrowing.
If such corresponding amount is not in fact made available to the Facility Agent by such Lender, the Facility Agent shall be entitled to recover such corresponding amount on demand from such Lender.
Nothing in this Section 2.04 shall be deemed to relieve any Lender from its obligation to make Loans hereunder or to prejudice any rights which the Borrower may have against any Lender as a result of any failure by such Lender to make Loans hereunder.
All Borrowings of Loans (including Deferred Loans) under this Agreement shall be incurred from the Lenders pro rata on the basis of their Commitments as at the time or, in the case of the Deferred Loans, deemed time, of the relevant Borrowing.
It is understood that no Lender shall be responsible for any default by any other Lender of its obligation to make Loans hereunder and that each Lender shall be obligated to make the Loans provided to be made by it hereunder, regardless of the failure of any other Lender to make its Loans hereunder.
The obligations of the Lenders under this Agreement are several and not joint and no Lender shall be responsible for the failure of any other Lender to satisfy its obligations hereunder.
2.06 Interest.
(d)           Default interest (if unpaid) arising on an overdue amount will be compounded with the overdue amount at the end of each Interest Period applicable to that overdue amount but will remain immediately due and payable.
Each such determination shall, absent manifest error, be final and conclusive and binding on all parties hereto.
2.07 Election of Floating Rate.
(b)           Any election made pursuant to this Section 2.07 may only be made once during the term of the Loans.
(c)           This Section 2.07 shall not apply to Deferred Loans (in respect of which the Floating Rate shall always apply).
2.08 Floating Rate Interest Periods.
If upon the expiration of any Floating Rate Interest Period applicable to a Borrowing, the Borrower has failed to elect a new Floating Rate Interest Period to be applicable to such Loans as provided above, the Borrower shall be deemed to have elected a three month Floating Rate Interest Period to be applicable to such Loans effective as of the expiration date of such current Floating Rate Interest Period.
2.09 Increased Costs, Illegality, Market Disruption, etc.
(a) In the event that any Lender shall have reasonably determined (which determination shall, absent manifest error, be final and conclusive and binding upon all parties hereto): (i)       at any time, that such Lender shall incur increased costs (including, without limitation, pursuant to Basel II and/or Basel III to the extent Basel II and/or Basel III, as the case may be, is applicable), Mandatory Costs (as set forth on Schedule 1.01(b)) or reductions in the amounts received or receivable hereunder with respect to any Loan because of, without duplication, any change since the Effective Date in any applicable law or governmental rule, governmental regulation, governmental order, governmental guideline or governmental request (whether or not having the force of law) or in the interpretation or administration thereof and including the introduction of any new law or governmental rule, governmental regulation, governmental order, governmental guideline or governmental request, such as, for example, but not limited to: (A) a change in the basis of taxation of payment to any Lender of the principal of or interest on such Loan or any other amounts payable hereunder (except for changes in the rate of tax on, or determined by reference to, the net income or net profits of such Lender, or any franchise tax based on net income or net profits, of such Lender pursuant to the laws of the jurisdiction in which such Lender is organized or in which such Lender’s principal office or applicable lending office is located or any subdivision thereof or therein or which is attributable to a FATCA Deduction required to be made by a party to this Agreement), but without duplication of any amounts payable in respect of Taxes pursuant to Section 4.04, or (B) a change in official reserve requirements; or
Thereafter (x) in the case of clause (i) above, the Borrower agrees (to the extent applicable), to pay to such Lender, upon its written demand therefor, such additional amounts as shall be required to compensate such Lender or such other corporation for the increased costs or reductions to such Lender or such other corporation and (y) in the case of clause (ii) above, the Borrower shall take one of the actions specified in Section 2.09(b) as promptly as possible and, in any event, within the time period required by law.
In determining such additional amounts, each Lender will act reasonably and in good faith and will use averaging and attribution methods which are reasonable, provided that such Lender’s determination of compensation owing under this Section 2.09(a) shall, absent manifest error, be final and conclusive and binding on all the parties hereto.
(c)               If any Lender determines that after the Effective Date (i) the introduction of or effectiveness of or any change in any applicable law or governmental rule, governmental regulation, governmental order, governmental guideline, governmental directive or governmental request (whether or not having the force of law) concerning capital adequacy, or any change in interpretation or administration thereof by any governmental authority, central bank or comparable agency will have the effect of increasing the amount of capital required or expected to be maintained by such Lender, or any corporation controlling such Lender, based on the existence of such Lender’s Commitments hereunder or its obligations hereunder, (ii) compliance with any law or regulation or any request from or requirement of any central bank or other fiscal, monetary or other authority made after the Effective Date (including any which relates to capital adequacy or liquidity controls or which affects the manner in which a Lender allocates capital resources to obligations under this Agreement, any Interest Rate Protection Agreement and/or any Other Hedging Agreement) or (iii) to the extent that such change is not discretionary and is pursuant to law, a governmental mandate or request, or a central bank or other fiscal or monetary authority mandate or request, any change in the risk weight allocated by such Lender to the Borrower after the Effective Date, then the Borrower agrees (to the extent applicable) to pay to such Lender, upon its written demand therefor, such additional amounts as shall be required to compensate such Lender or such other corporation for the increased cost to such Lender or such other corporation or the reduction in the rate of return to such Lender or such other corporation as a result of such increase of capital.
In determining such additional amounts, each Lender will act reasonably and in good faith and will use averaging and attribution methods which are reasonable, provided that such Lender’s determination of compensation owing under this Section 2.09(c) shall, absent manifest error be final and conclusive and binding on all the parties hereto.
(e) This Section 2.09(e) applies at any time when interest on a Loan is payable at the Floating Rate.
If a Market Disruption Event occurs and the Facility Agent or the Borrower so require, the Facility Agent and the Borrower shall enter into negotiations (for a period of not more than 30 days) with a view to agreeing a substitute basis for determining the rate of interest.
Any alternative basis agreed pursuant to the immediately preceding sentence shall, with the prior consent of all the Lenders and the Borrower, be binding on all parties.
If no agreement is reached pursuant to this clause (e), the rate provided for in clause (d) above shall apply for the entire applicable Interest Period.
48  2.10 Indemnification; Breakage Costs.
2.11 Change of Lending Office; Limitation on Additional Amounts.
(a) Each Lender agrees that on the occurrence of any event giving rise to the operation of Section 2.09 (a), Section 2.09(b), or Section 4.04 with respect to such Lender, it will, if requested by the Borrower, use reasonable good faith efforts (subject to overall policy considerations of such Lender) to designate another lending office for any Loans affected by such event or otherwise take steps to mitigate the effect of such event, provided that such designation shall be made and/or such steps shall be taken at the Borrower’s cost and on such terms that such Lender and its lending office suffer no economic, legal or regulatory disadvantage in excess of de minimus amounts, with the object of avoiding the consequence of the event giving rise to the operation of such Section.
Nothing in this Section 2.11 shall affect or postpone any of the obligations of the Borrower or the rights of any Lender provided in Section 2.09 and Section 4.04.
This Section 2.11(b) shall have no applicability to any Section of this Agreement other than said Sections 2.09, 2.10 and 4.04.
50  Upon the execution of the respective Transfer Certificate and the payment of amounts referred to in clauses (a) and (b) above, the Replacement Lender shall become a Lender hereunder and the Replaced Lender shall cease to constitute a Lender hereunder, except with respect to indemnification provisions under this Agreement (including, without limitation, Sections 2.09, 2.10, 4.04, 14.01 and 14.05), which shall survive as to such Replaced Lender.
2.13 Disruption to Payment Systems, Etc.
If either the Facility Agent determines (in its discretion) that a Disruption Event has occurred or the Facility Agent is notified by the Parent or the Borrower that a Disruption Event has occurred: (i)                the Facility Agent may, and shall if requested to do so by the Borrower or the Parent, consult with the Borrower with a view to agreeing with the Borrower such changes to the operation or administration of this Agreement as the Facility Agent may deem necessary in the circumstances; (ii)               the Facility Agent shall not be obliged to consult with the Borrower or the Parent in relation to any changes mentioned in clause (i) above if, in its opinion, it is not practicable to do so in the circumstances and, in any event, shall have no obligation to agree to such changes; (iii)              the Facility Agent may consult with the other Agents, the Lead Arrangers and the Lenders in relation to any changes mentioned in clause (i) above but shall not be obliged to do so if, in its opinion, it is not practicable or necessary to do so in the circumstances; (iv)              any such changes agreed upon by the Facility Agent and the Borrower or the Parent pursuant to clause (i) above shall (whether or not it is finally determined that a Disruption Event has occurred) be binding upon the parties to this Agreement as an amendment to (or, as the case may be, waiver of) the terms of the Credit Documents, notwithstanding the provisions of Section 14.11, until such time as the Facility Agent is satisfied that the Disruption Event has ceased to apply; (v)               the Facility Agent shall not be liable for any damages, costs or losses whatsoever (including, without limitation for negligence or any other category of liability whatsoever but not including any claim based on the gross negligence, fraud or willful misconduct of the Facility Agent) arising as a result of its taking, or failing to take, any actions pursuant to or in connection with this Section 2.13; and (vi)              the Facility Agent shall notify the other Agents, the Lead Arrangers and the Lenders of all changes agreed pursuant to clause (iv) above as soon as practicable.
51  SECTION 3.
Commitment Commission; Fees; Reductions of Commitment.
3.01 Commitment Commission.
3.03 Other Fees.
52  3.05 Mandatory Reduction of Commitments.
(b)              In addition to any other mandatory commitment reductions pursuant to this Section 3.05 or any other Section of this Agreement, the Total Commitments (and the Commitments of each Lender) shall be reduced (immediately after the relevant Loans are made) on each Borrowing Date by the amount of Commitments (denominated in Euro) utilized to make the Loans made on such Borrowing Date.
(c)               In addition to any other mandatory commitment reductions pursuant to this Section 3.05 or any other Section of this Agreement, the Total Commitment shall be terminated at the times required by Section 4.02.
(d)              Each reduction to the Total Commitment pursuant to this Section 3.05 and Section 4.02 shall be applied proportionately to reduce the Commitment of each Lender.
SECTION 4.
53  (e)               each prepayment in respect of any Loans made pursuant to a Borrowing shall be applied (x) in inverse order of maturity and (y) except as expressly provided in the preceding clause (d), pro rata among the Loans comprising such Borrowing, provided that in connection with any prepayment of Loans pursuant to this Section 4.01, such prepayment shall not be applied to any Loan of a Defaulting Lender until all other Loans of Non-Defaulting Lenders have been repaid in full.
The repayment schedule for the Loans (other than Deferred Loans) and Deferred Loans is set forth in Schedule 4.02.
54  (d)               In addition to any other mandatory repayments or commitment reductions pursuant to this Section 4.02 or any other Section of this Agreement, but without duplication, if prior to the Second Deferred Loan Repayment Date: (i)             Holdings, the Parent or any other member of the NCLC Group (w) declares, makes or pays any Dividend, charge, fee or other distribution (or interest on any unpaid Dividend, charge, fee or other distribution) (whether in cash or in kind) on or in respect of its Capital Stock (or any class of its Capital Stock), (x) repays or distributes any dividend or share premium reserve, (y) makes any repayment of any kind under any shareholder loan or (z) redeem, repurchase (whether by way of share buy-back program or otherwise), defease, retire or repay any of its Capital Stock or resolve to do so, other than Dividends, charges, fees or other distributions (or interest on any unpaid Dividend, charge, fee or other distribution) permitted pursuant to Section 10.03(b) or, in the case of the Borrower, Section 10.12(iv) (it being understood and agreed that for the purposes of this Section 4.02(d)(i) Dividends, charges, fees or other distributions (or interest on any unpaid Dividend, charge, fee or other distribution) permitted under such Section 10.03(b) shall be permitted to be made by Holdings and that, for the avoidance of doubt, Holdings gives no guarantee of any kind nor (other than as expressly specified in this Section 4.02(d)) undertakes any obligations under this Agreement).
(ii)           any member of the NCLC Group incurs any Indebtedness for Borrowed Money (which, solely for purposes of this clause (ii) shall include Indebtedness for Borrowed Money incurred between members of the NCLC Group notwithstanding the proviso to that definition) or issues any new shares in its Capital Stock, options, warrants or other rights for the purchase, acquisition or exchange of new shares in its Capital Stock, except: (A) any refinancing of any bond issuance of, or loan entered into by, any member of the NCLC Group (x) which matures prior to the Second Deferred Loan Repayment Date or (y) where not maturing prior to the Second Deferred Loan Repayment Date, which shall be on terms which include any or all of the following (evidence of which shall be provided to the Facility Agent by the Parent) resulting, when taken as a whole, in an improvement of the ability of the Credit Parties to meet their obligations under the Credit Documents: an extension of the repayment terms; a decrease in the interest rate; or the conversion of such Indebtedness from secured to unsecured or first to second priority; (B) any Indebtedness for Borrowed Money or issuance of Capital Stock incurred or issued between March 1, 2020 and December 31, 2022 for the purpose of providing crisis and recovery-related funding (as contemplated in the Principles and the Framework);
55  (C) any Indebtedness for Borrowed Money or issuance of Capital Stock incurred or issued on or after December 31, 2022 to support the NCLC Group with the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, if made with the prior written consent of Hermes; (D) any Indebtedness for Borrowed Money incurred or Capital Stock issued for the purpose of financing the payment of (x) any scheduled pre-delivery or delivery instalment of the purchase price or (y) any change order, owner-incurred costs or other similar arrangements under a construction contract, in each case relating to the purchase of a vessel by the Parent or any Subsidiary; (E) the extension, renewal or drawing of revolving credit facilities (subject to the prior written consent of the Hermes Agent (acting on the instructions of Hermes) if any additional Liens are granted in connection with such extension, renewal or drawing); (F) any incurrence of new Indebtedness or issuance of Capital Stock otherwise agreed by Hermes; (G) Permitted Intercompany Arrangements; (H) in the case of the Borrower, Indebtedness permitted to be incurred under Section 10.12; (I) Indebtedness incurred in the ordinary course of business which in the aggregate does not exceed USD [*] during any twelve-month period; (J) any guarantee in respect of Indebtedness for Borrowed Money (the incurrence of which is permitted under this Agreement) which would not adversely affect the position of the Secured Creditors and, where such guarantee covers the obligations of a person other than an NCLC Group member, is issued in the ordinary course of business and does not in aggregate with all such guarantees exceed USD 25,000,000; and (K) the issuance of Capital Stock by any member of the NCLC Group (other than the Borrower) to another member of the NCLC Group as permitted by Section 10.04.
(iii)         the Parent or any member of the NCLC Group sells, transfers, leases or otherwise disposes of any of its assets relating to the NCLC Group fleet on non-arm’s length terms; (iv)         subject to Section 9.15, any Credit Party grants new Liens securing Indebtedness for Borrowed Money, except (x) Liens securing Indebtedness for Borrowed Money permitted under Section 4.02(d)(ii)(A), (B), (I) or (J), (y) any Lien granted by a Credit Party (other than in respect of the Collateral) to the extent the Secured Creditors are granted a Lien on a pari passu basis and (z) any Lien otherwise approved with the prior written consent of Hermes;
56  (v)            except as permitted by Section 4.02(d)(ii)(A) and (E) for the purposes of refinancing such Indebtedness for Borrowed Money or extending, renewing or drawing such revolving credit facility and other than Indebtedness for Borrowed Money permitted by Section 4.02(d)(ii)(B), (G) and (I), the Parent or any member of the NCLC Group prepays any Indebtedness for Borrowed Money, other than (A) to avoid an event of default under the terms of such Indebtedness for Borrowed Money, (B) any prepayment of Indebtedness for Borrowed Money incurred or issued between March 1, 2020 and December 31, 2022 for the purpose of providing crisis and recovery-related funding with the proceeds of a permitted issuance of Capital Stock or (C) to the extent such prepayment is made on a pari passu basis with the Loans; provided, that in any case above (including where permitted by Section 4.02(d)(ii)(A),(B), (E), (G) or (I)) (x) in no circumstances shall any member of the NCLC Group apply excess cash in prepayment of any Indebtedness for Borrowed Money under any ‘cash sweep’ mechanism or similar prepayment provision or in any case resolve to do so, (y) such prepayment is undertaken in the context of an active debt management plan and the financial position of the NCLC Group taken as a whole shall improve immediately following the making of any such prepayment, and (z) any repayment, extension or renewal of revolving credit facilities shall not constitute a restricted prepayment for the purposes of this paragraph (v), or (vi)           the Borrower or the Parent shall default in the due performance and observance of the Principles or the Framework, unless the circumstances giving rise to the default are, in the opinion of the Facility Agent, capable of remedy and are remedied within five days of the Facility Agent giving notice to the Parent (with a copy to the Borrower) to do so, the following shall occur: (A)  the suspension of any Event of Default due to a failure to comply with the financial covenants set out in Section 10.07, Section 10.08 or Section 10.09 set forth at Section 11.03 shall cease to apply; (B)   the Total Commitments relating to the Deferred Loans will be immediately cancelled; and (C)   the Facility Agent may, and shall if so directed by the Required Lenders or Hermes, declare that each Deferred Loan be payable on demand on the date specified in such notice.
In the absence of a designation by the Borrower as described in the preceding sentence, the Facility Agent shall, subject to the preceding provisions of this clause (e), make such designation in its sole reasonable discretion with a view, but no obligation, to minimize breakage costs owing pursuant to Section 2.10.
57
 4.03  Method and Place of Payment.
4.04  Net Payments; Taxes.
(a) All payments made by any Credit Party hereunder will be made without setoff, counterclaim or other defense.
All such payments will be made free and clear of, and without deduction or withholding for, any present or future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, fees, assessments or other charges of whatever nature now or hereafter imposed by any jurisdiction or by any political subdivision or taxing authority thereof or therein with respect to such payments (but excluding any tax imposed on or measured by the net income, net profits or any franchise tax based on net income or net profits, and any branch profits tax of a Lender pursuant to the laws of the jurisdiction in which it is organized or the jurisdiction in which the principal office or applicable lending office of such Lender is located or any subdivision thereof or therein or due to failure to provide documents under Section 4.04(b) or any FATCA Deduction required to be made by a party to this Agreement, all such taxes “Excluded Taxes”) and all interest, penalties or similar liabilities with respect to such non-excluded taxes, levies, imposts, duties, fees, assessments or other charges to the extent imposed on taxes other than Excluded Taxes (all such non-excluded taxes, levies, imposts, duties, fees, assessments or other charges being referred to collectively as “Taxes” and “Taxation” shall be applied accordingly).
The Borrower agrees to indemnify and hold harmless each Lender, and reimburse such Lender upon its written request, for the amount of any Taxes so levied or imposed and paid by such Lender.
(b)      Each Lender agrees (consistent with legal and regulatory restrictions and subject to overall policy considerations of such Lender) to file any certificate or document or to furnish to the Borrower any information as reasonably requested by the Borrower that may be necessary to establish any available exemption from, or reduction in the amount of, any Taxes; provided, however, that nothing in this Section 4.04(b) shall require a Lender to disclose any confidential information (including, without limitation, its tax returns or its calculations).
The Borrower shall not be required to indemnify any Lender for Taxes attributed to such Lender’s failure to provide the required documents under this Section 4.04(b).
(c)       If the Borrower pays any additional amount under this Section 4.04 to a Lender and such Lender determines in its sole discretion exercised in good faith that it has actually received or realized in connection therewith any refund or any reduction of, or credit against, its Tax liabilities in or with respect to the taxable year in which the additional amount is paid (a “Tax Benefit”), such Lender shall pay to the Borrower an amount that such Lender shall, in its sole discretion exercised in good faith, determine is equal to the net benefit, after tax, which was obtained by such Lender in such year as a consequence of such Tax Benefit; provided, however, that (i) any Lender may determine, in its sole discretion exercised in good faith consistent with the policies of such Lender, whether to seek a Tax Benefit, (ii) any Taxes that are imposed on a Lender as a result of a disallowance or reduction (including through the expiration of any tax credit carryover or carryback of such Lender that otherwise would not have expired) of any Tax Benefit with respect to which such Lender has made a payment to the Borrower pursuant to this Section 4.04(c) shall be treated as a Tax for which the Borrower is obligated to indemnify such Lender pursuant to this Section 4.04 without any exclusions or defenses and (iii) nothing in this Section 4.04(c) shall require any Lender to disclose any confidential information to the Borrower (including, without limitation, its tax returns).
58  (d)       Each party to this Agreement may make any FATCA Deduction it is required to make by FATCA, and any payment required in connection with that FATCA Deduction, and no party to this Agreement shall be required to increase any payment in respect of which it makes such a FATCA Deduction or otherwise compensate the recipient of the payment for that FATCA Deduction.
4.05 Application of Proceeds.
59  (iv)     fourth, to the extent proceeds remain after the application pursuant to the preceding clauses (i) through (iii), inclusive, and following the termination of this Agreement, the Credit Documents, the Interest Rate Protection Agreements and the Other Hedging Agreements in accordance with their terms, to the relevant Credit Party or to whomever may be lawfully entitled to receive such surplus.
(b)       For purposes of this Agreement, “Pro Rata Share” shall mean, when calculating a Secured Creditor’s portion of any distribution or amount, that amount (expressed as a percentage) equal to a fraction the numerator of which is the then unpaid amount of such Secured Creditor’s Credit Document Obligations or Other Obligations, as the case may be, and the denominator of which is the then outstanding amount of all Credit Document Obligations or Other Obligations, as the case may be.
(e)       For purposes of applying payments received in accordance with this Section 4.05, the Collateral Agent shall be entitled to rely upon (i) the Facility Agent under this Agreement and (ii) the Representative for the Other Creditors or, in the absence of such a Representative, upon the Other Creditors for a determination (which the Facility Agent, each Representative for any Other Creditors and the Secured Creditors agree (or shall agree) to provide upon request of the Collateral Agent) of the outstanding Credit Document Obligations and Other Obligations owed to the Lender Creditors or the Other Creditors, as the case may be.
Unless it has actual knowledge (including by way of written notice from an Other Creditor) to the contrary, the Collateral Agent, shall be entitled to assume that no Interest Rate Protection Agreements or Other Hedging Agreements are in existence.
(f)       It is understood and agreed that each Credit Party shall remain jointly and severally liable to the extent of any deficiency between the amount of the proceeds of the Collateral pledged by it under and pursuant to the Security Documents and the aggregate amount of the Secured Obligations of such Credit Party.
(c)       Paragraph (a) above shall not oblige any Credit Party to do anything, and paragraph (a)(iii) above shall not oblige any other party to this Agreement to do anything, which would or might in its reasonable opinion constitute a breach of: (i)       any law or regulation; (ii)       any fiduciary duty; or (iii)       any duty of confidentiality.
61  (e)       If the Borrower is a U.S. Tax Obligor or the Facility Agent reasonably believes that its obligations under FATCA or any other applicable law or regulation require it, each Lender shall, within ten (10) Business Days of:
(h)       The Facility Agent may rely on any withholding certificate, withholding statement, document, authorisation or waiver it receives from a Lender pursuant to paragraph (e) or (g) above without further verification.
The Facility Agent shall not be liable for any action taken by it under or in connection with paragraph (e), (f) or (g) above.
62  SECTION 5.
Conditions Precedent to the Initial Borrowing Date.
5.04 Know Your Customer.
On the Initial Borrowing Date, the Facility Agent, the Hermes Agent and the Lenders shall have been provided with all information requested in order to carry out and be reasonably satisfied with all necessary “know your customer” information required pursuant to the PATRIOT ACT and such other documentation and evidence necessary in order for the Lenders to carry out and be reasonably satisfied with other similar checks under all applicable laws and regulations pursuant to the Transaction and the Hermes Cover, in connection with each of the Facility Agent’s, the Hermes Agent’s and each Lender’s internal compliance regulations including, without limitation and to the extent required to comply with the “know your customer” requirements referred to above (i) specimen signatures of any person authorized to execute the Credit Documents and (ii) copies of the passports for each person identified in item (i).
5.05 Construction Contract and Other Material Agreements.
5.06 Share Charge.
5.07 Assignment of Contracts.
On the Initial Borrowing Date, the Borrower shall have duly authorized, executed and delivered a valid and effective assignment by way of security in favor of the Collateral Agent of all of the Borrower’s present and future interests in and benefits under (x) the Construction Contract, (y) each Refund Guarantee and (z) the Construction Risk Insurance (it being understood that the Borrower will use commercially reasonable efforts to have the underwriters of the Construction Risk Insurance accept and endorse on such insurance policy a loss payable clause substantially in the form set forth in Part 3 of Schedule 2 to the Assignment of Contracts (as defined below), and it being further understood that certain of the Refund Guarantee and none of the Construction Risk Insurances will have been issued on the Initial Borrowing Date), which assignment shall be substantially in the form of Exhibit J hereto or otherwise reasonably acceptable to the Lead Arrangers and the Borrower and customary for transactions of this type, along with appropriate notices and consents relating thereto (to the extent incorporated into or required pursuant to such Exhibit or otherwise agreed by the Borrower and the Facility Agent), including, without limitation, those acknowledgments, notices and consents listed on Schedule 5.07 (as modified, supplemented or amended from time to time, the “Assignment of Contracts”) provided that, if any Refund Guarantee issued to the Borrower on the Initial Borrowing Date shall have been issued by KfW IPEX-Bank GmbH, then such Refund Guarantee shall be charged pursuant to a duly authorized, executed and delivered, valid and effective charge of any such Refund Guarantee in the form of Exhibit Q hereto or otherwise in a form reasonably acceptable to the Lead Arrangers and the Borrower and customary for transactions of this type, along with appropriate notices and consents relating thereto (to the extent incorporated into or required pursuant to such Exhibit or otherwise agreed by the Borrower and the Facility Agent) (as modified, supplemented or amended from time to time, the “Charge of KfW Refund Guarantees”).
5.10 Opinions of Counsel.
5.13 Financing Statements.
65  5.14 Security Trust Deed.
On the Initial Borrowing Date and to the extent that the Initial Syndication Date has occurred, the Security Trust Deed shall have been executed by the parties thereto and shall be in full force and effect.
5.15 Hermes Cover.
SECTION 6.
Conditions Precedent to each Borrowing Date.The obligation of each Lender to make Loans on each Borrowing Date is subject at the time of the making of such Loans to the satisfaction or (other than in the case of Sections 6.01, 6.02, 6.03, 6.04, 6.06 and 6.07) waiver of the following conditions: 6.01 No Default; Representations and Warranties.
At the time of each Borrowing and also after giving effect thereto (i) there shall exist no Default or Event of Default and (ii) all representations and warranties contained herein or in any other Credit Document shall be true and correct in all material respects both before and after giving effect to such Borrowing with the same effect as though such representations and warranties had been made on the Borrowing Date in respect of such Borrowing (it being understood and agreed that any representation or warranty which by its terms is made as of a specified date shall be required to be true and correct in all material respects only as of such specified date).
6.02 Consents.
On or prior to each Borrowing Date, all necessary governmental (domestic and foreign) and material third party approvals and/or consents in connection with the Construction Contract, any Refund Guarantee (to the extent issued on or prior to such Borrowing Date), the Vessel and the other transactions contemplated hereby (except to the extent specifically addressed in other sections of Section 5 or this Section 6) shall have been obtained and remain in effect.
On each Borrowing Date, there shall not exist any judgment, order, injunction or other restraint issued or filed or a hearing seeking injunctive relief or other restraint pending or notified prohibiting or imposing materially adverse conditions upon this Agreement, the Transaction or the other transactions contemplated by the Credit Documents.
6.03 Refund Guarantees.
6.05 Fees, Costs, etc.
On each Borrowing Date, the Borrower shall have paid to the Agents, the Lead Arrangers and the Lenders all costs, fees, expenses (including, without limitation, reasonable fees and expenses of Norton Rose Fulbright LLP and local and maritime counsel and consultants) and other compensation contemplated hereby payable to the Agents, the Lead Arrangers and the Lenders or payable in respect of the transactions contemplated hereunder (including, without limitation, the KfW Refinancing), to the extent then due; provided that (i) any such costs, fees and expenses and other compensation shall have been invoiced to the Borrower at least three Business Days prior to such Borrowing Date and (ii) such costs, fees and expenses in respect of the initial syndication arising at the time of the Initial Syndication Date (including in respect of any KfW Refinancing or any Interest Make-Up Agreement but subject to Section 14.01) shall include ongoing or recurring legal costs or expenses after the Effective Date where such legal costs or expenses are incurred in respect of the period falling 6 months after the Effective Date or such longer period as the Borrower may approve (such approval not to be unreasonably withheld).
6.06 Construction Contract.
On each Borrowing Date, the Borrower shall have certified that all conditions and requirements under the Construction Contract required to be satisfied on such Borrowing Date, including in connection with the respective payment installments to be made to the Yard on such Borrowing Date, shall have been satisfied (including, but not limited to, the Borrower’s payment to the Yard of the portion of the payment installment on the Vessel that is not being financed with proceeds of the Loans), other than those that are not materially adverse to the Lenders, it being understood that any litigation between the Yard and the Parent and/or Borrower shall be deemed to be materially adverse to the Lenders.
6.08 Solvency Certificate.
6.09 Litigation.
On each Borrowing Date, other than as set forth on Schedule 6.09, there shall be no actions, suits or proceedings (governmental or private) pending or, to the Parent or the Borrower’s knowledge, threatened (i) with respect to this Agreement or any other Credit Document or (ii) which has had, or, if adversely determined, could reasonably be expected to have, a Material Adverse Effect.
6.10 Hermes Cover.
The acceptance of the proceeds of each Loan shall constitute a representation and warranty by the Borrower to the Facility Agent and each of the Lenders that all of the applicable conditions specified in Section 5, this Section 6 and Section 7 applicable to such Loan have been satisfied as of that time.
SECTION 7.
68  7.02 Collateral and Guaranty Requirements.
On or prior to the Delivery Date, the Collateral and Guaranty Requirements with respect to the Vessel shall have been satisfied or the Facility Agent shall have waived such requirements (other than the Specified Requirements) and/or conditioned such waiver on the satisfaction of such requirements within a specified period of time.
7.03 Evidence of [*]% Payment.
7.04 Hermes Compliance; Compliance with Applicable Laws and Regulations.
On the Delivery Date, all Loans and other financing to be made pursuant hereto shall be in material compliance with all applicable requirements of law or regulation and the Hermes Cover.
(a)               Opinion of Counsel.
SECTION 8.
Representations and Warranties.In order to induce the Lenders to enter into this Agreement and to make the Loans, the Borrower or each Credit Party, as applicable, makes the following representations and warranties, in each case on a daily basis, all of which shall survive the execution and delivery of this Agreement and the making of the Loans: 8.01 Entity Status.
The Parent and each of the other Credit Parties (i) is a Person duly organized, constituted and validly existing (or the functional equivalent) under the laws of the jurisdiction of its formation, has the capacity to sue and be sued in its own name and the power to own and charge its assets and carry on its business as it is now being conducted, (ii) is duly qualified and is authorized to do business and is in good standing (or the functional equivalent) in each jurisdiction where the ownership, leasing or operation of its property or the conduct of its business requires such qualifications except for failures to be so qualified or authorized or in good standing which, either individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect and (iii) is not a FATCA FFI or a U.S. Tax Obligor.
8.02 Power and Authority.
Each of the Credit Parties has the power to enter into and perform this Agreement and those of the other Credit Documents to which it is a party and the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby and has taken all necessary action to authorize the entry into and performance of this Agreement and such other Credit Documents and such transactions.
This Agreement constitutes legal, valid and binding obligations of the Parent and the Borrower enforceable in accordance with its terms and in entering into this Agreement and borrowing the Loans (in the case of the Borrower), the Parent and the Borrower are each acting on their own account.
Each other Credit Document constitutes (or will constitute when executed) legal, valid and binding obligations of each Credit Party expressed to be a party thereto enforceable in accordance with their respective terms.
The entry into and performance of this Agreement, the other Credit Documents and the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby do not and will not conflict with: (a)               any law or regulation or any official or judicial order; or (b)               the constitutional documents of any Credit Party; or (c)               except as set forth on Schedule 8.03, any agreement or document to which any member of the NCLC Group is a party or which is binding upon such Credit Party or any of its assets, nor result in the creation or imposition of any Lien on a Credit Party or its assets pursuant to the provisions of any such agreement or document.
70  8.04 Governmental Approvals.
Except for the filing of those Security Documents which require registration in the Federal Republic of Germany, the Bahamas, any state of the United States of America and/or with the Registrar of Companies in Bermuda, and for the registration of the Vessel Mortgage through the Bahamas Maritime Authority (if the Vessel is flagged in the Bahamas) or such other relevant authority (if the Vessel is flagged in another Acceptable Flag Jurisdiction), all authorizations, approvals, consents, licenses, exemptions, filings, registrations, notarizations and other matters, official or otherwise, required in connection with the entry into, performance, validity and enforceability of this Agreement and each of the other Credit Documents and the transactions contemplated thereby have been obtained or effected and are in full force and effect except for matters in respect of (x) the Construction Risk Insurance and any Refund Guarantee (in each case only to the extent that such Collateral has not yet been delivered) and (y) Collateral to be delivered on the Delivery Date.
8.05 Financial Statements; Financial Condition.
(a)(i) The audited consolidated balance sheets of the Parent and its Subsidiaries as at December 31, 2013 and the unaudited consolidated balance sheets of the Parent and its Subsidiaries as at March 31, 2014 and the related consolidated statements of operations and of cash flows for the fiscal years or quarters, as the case may be, ended on such dates, reported on by and accompanied by, in the case of the annual financial statements, an unqualified report from PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, present fairly in all material respects the consolidated financial condition of the Parent and its Subsidiaries as at such date, and the consolidated results of its operations and its consolidated cash flows for the respective fiscal years or quarters, as the case may be, then ended.
All such financial statements, including the related schedules and notes thereto, have been prepared in accordance with GAAP applied consistently throughout the periods involved (except as approved by the aforementioned firm of accountants and disclosed therein).
(ii)     The pro forma consolidated balance sheet of the Parent and its Subsidiaries as of December 31, 2013 (after giving effect to the Transaction and the financing therefor), a copy of which has been furnished to the Lenders prior to the Initial Borrowing Date, presents a good faith estimate in all material respects of the pro forma consolidated financial position of the Parent and its Subsidiaries as of such date.
(b)       Since December 31, 2013, nothing has occurred that has had or could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.
8.06 Litigation.
No litigation, arbitration or administrative proceedings of or before any court, arbitral body or agency (including but not limited to investigative proceedings) are current or pending or, to the Parent or the Borrower’s knowledge, threatened, which might, if adversely determined, have a Material Adverse Effect.
8.07 True and Complete Disclosure.
Each Credit Party has fully disclosed in writing to the Facility Agent all facts relating to such Credit Party which it knows or should reasonably know and which might reasonably be expected to influence the Lenders in deciding whether or not to enter into this Agreement.
71  8.08 Use of Proceeds.
8.09 Tax Returns and Payments.
The NCLC Group have complied with all taxation laws in all jurisdictions in which it is subject to Taxation and has paid all material Taxes due and payable by it; no material claims are being asserted against it with respect to Taxes, which might, if such claims were successful, have a material adverse effect on the ability of any Credit Party to perform its obligations under the Credit Documents or could otherwise be reasonably expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.
As at the Effective Date all amounts payable by the Parent and the Borrower hereunder may be made free and clear of and without deduction for or on account of any Taxation in the Parent and the Borrower’s jurisdiction.
8.10 No Material Misstatements.
(a) All written information (other than the Projections, estimates and information of a general economic nature or general industry nature) (the “Information”) concerning the Parent and its Subsidiaries, and the transactions contemplated hereby prepared by or on behalf of the foregoing or their representatives and made available to any Lenders or any Agent in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby, when taken as a whole, was true and correct in all material respects, as of the date such Information was furnished to the Lenders or any Agent and as of the Effective Date and did not, taken as a whole, contain any untrue statement of a material fact as of any such date or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements contained therein, taken as a whole, not materially misleading in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made.
(b)               The Projections and estimates and information of a general economic nature prepared by or on behalf of the Parent, the Borrower or any of their respective representatives and that have been made available to any Lenders or any Agent in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby (i) have been prepared in good faith based upon assumptions believed by the Parent, the Borrower to be reasonable as of the date thereof (it being understood that actual results may vary materially from the Projections), as of the date such Projections and estimates were furnished to the Lenders and as of the Effective Date, and (ii) as of the Effective Date, have not been modified in any material respect by the Parent or the Borrower.
8.11 The Security Documents.
(a) None of the Collateral is subject to any Liens except Permitted Liens.
(b)               The security interests created under the Share Charge in favor of the Collateral Agent, as pledgee, for the benefit of the Secured Creditors, constitute perfected security interests in the Share Charge Collateral described in the Share Charge, subject to no security interests of any other Person.
No filings or recordings are required in order to perfect (or maintain the perfection or priority of) the security interests created in the Share Charge Collateral under the Share Charge other than with respect to that portion of the Share Charge Collateral constituting a “general intangible” under the UCC.
The filings on Form UCC-1 made pursuant to the Share Charge will perfect a security interest in the Collateral covered by the Share Charge to the extent a security interest in such Collateral may be perfected by such filings.
72  (c)               After the execution and registration thereof, the Vessel Mortgage will create, as security for the obligations purported to be secured thereby, a valid and enforceable perfected security interest in and mortgage lien on the Vessel in favor of the Collateral Agent (or such other trustee as may be required or desired under local law) for the benefit of the Secured Creditors, superior and prior to the rights of all third Persons (except that the security interest and mortgage lien created on the Vessel may be subject to the Permitted Liens related thereto) and subject to no other Liens (other than Permitted Liens related thereto).
(d)               After the execution and delivery thereof and upon the taking of the actions mentioned in the immediately succeeding sentence, each of the Security Documents will create in favor of the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Secured Creditors a legal, valid and enforceable fully perfected first priority security interest in and Lien on all right, title and interest of the Credit Parties party thereto in the Collateral described therein, subject only to Permitted Liens.
Subject to Sections 7.02, 8.04 and this Section 8.11 and the definition of “Collateral and Guaranty Requirements,” no filings or recordings are required in order to perfect the security interests created under any Security Document except for filings or recordings which shall have been made on or prior to the execution of such Security Document.
8.12 Capitalization.
All the Capital Stock, as set forth on Schedule 8.12, in the Borrower and each other Credit Party (other than the Parent) is legally and beneficially owned directly or indirectly by the Parent and, except as permitted by Section 10.02, such structure shall remain so until the Maturity Date.
8.13 Subsidiaries.
On and as of the Initial Borrowing Date, other than in respect of Dormant Subsidiaries (i) the Parent has no Subsidiaries other than those Subsidiaries listed on Schedule 8.13 which Schedule identifies the correct legal name, direct owner, percentage ownership and jurisdiction of organization of the Borrower and each such other Subsidiary on the date hereof, (ii) all outstanding shares of the Borrower and each other Subsidiary of the Parent have been duly and validly issued, are fully paid and non-assessable and have been issued free of preemptive rights, and (iii) neither the Borrower nor any Subsidiary of the Parent has outstanding any securities convertible into or exchangeable for its Capital Stock or outstanding any right to subscribe for or to purchase, or any options or warrants for the purchase of, or any agreement providing for the issuance (contingent or otherwise) of or any calls, commitments or claims of any character relating to, its Capital Stock or any stock appreciation or similar rights.
8.14 Compliance with Statutes, etc.
The Parent and each of its Subsidiaries is in compliance in all material respects with all applicable statutes, regulations and orders of, and all applicable restrictions imposed by, all governmental bodies, domestic or foreign, in respect of the conduct of its business and the ownership of its property, except such noncompliances as could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.
None of the events contemplated in clauses (a), (b), (c), (d) or (e) of Section 11.05 has occurred with respect to any Credit Party.
8.16 No Default.
No event has occurred which constitutes a Default or Event of Default under or in respect of any Credit Document to which any Credit Party is a party or by which the Parent or any of its Subsidiaries may be bound (including (inter alia) this Agreement) and no event has occurred which constitutes a default under or in respect of any agreement or document to which any Credit Party is a party or by which any Credit Party may be bound, except to an extent as could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.
73  8.17 Pollution and Other Regulations.
Each of the Credit Parties: (a)               is in compliance with all applicable federal, state, local, foreign and international laws, regulations, conventions and agreements relating to pollution prevention or protection of human health or the environment (including, without limitation, ambient air, surface water, ground water, navigable waters, water of the contiguous zone, ocean waters and international waters), including without limitation, laws, regulations, conventions and agreements relating to (i) emissions, discharges, releases or threatened releases of chemicals, pollutants, contaminants, wastes, toxic substances, hazardous materials, oil, hazard substances, petroleum and petroleum products and by-products (“Materials of Environmental Concern”) or (ii) Environmental Law; (b)              has all permits, licenses, approvals, rulings, variances, exemptions, clearances, consents or other authorizations required under applicable Environmental Law (“Environmental Approvals”) and is in compliance with all Environmental Approvals required to operate its business as presently conducted or as reasonably anticipated to be conducted; (c)              has not received any notice, claim, action, cause of action, investigation or demand by any other person, alleging potential liability for, or a requirement to incur, investigatory costs, clean-up costs, response and/or remedial costs (whether incurred by a governmental entity or otherwise), natural resources damages, property damages, personal injuries, attorneys’ fees and expenses or fines or penalties, in each case arising out of, based on or resulting from (i) the presence or release or threat of release into the environment of any Materials of Environmental Concern at any location, whether or not owned by such person or (ii) Environmental Claim, (A) which is, or are, in each case, material; and (B) there are no circumstances that may prevent or interfere with such full compliance in the future.
There are no Environmental Claims pending or threatened against any of the Credit Parties which the Parent or the Borrower, in its reasonable opinion, believes to be material.
There are no past or present actions, activities, circumstances, conditions, events or incidents, including, without limitation, the release, emission, discharge or disposal of any Materials of Environmental Concern, that the Parent or the Borrower reasonably believes could form the basis of any bona fide material Environmental Claim against any of the Credit Parties.
8.18 Ownership of Assets.
Except as permitted by Section 10.02, each member of the NCLC Group has good and marketable title to all its assets which is reflected in the audited accounts referred to in Section 8.05(a).
74  8.19 Concerning the Vessel.
As of the Delivery Date, (a) the name, registered owner, official number, and jurisdiction of registration and flag of the Vessel shall be set forth on Schedule 8.19 (as updated from time to time by the Borrower pursuant to Section 9.13 with respect to flag jurisdiction, and otherwise (with respect to name, registered owner, official number and jurisdiction of registration) upon advance notice and in a manner that does not interfere with the Lenders’ Liens on the Collateral, provided that each applicable Credit Party shall take all steps requested by the Collateral Agent to preserve and protect the Liens created by the Security Documents on the Vessel) and (b) the Vessel is and will be operated in material compliance with all applicable law, rules and regulations.
None of the Credit Parties has an establishment in the United Kingdom within the meaning of the Overseas Companies Regulation 2009 with the exception of the Parent or a place of business in the United States (in each case, except as already disclosed) or any other jurisdiction which requires any of the Security Documents to be filed or registered in that jurisdiction to ensure the validity of the Security Documents to which it is a party unless (x) all such filings and registrations have been made or will be made as provided in Sections 7.02, 8.04 and 8.11 and the definition of “Collateral and Guaranty Requirements” and (y) prompt notice of the establishment of such a place of business is given to the Facility Agent and the requirements set forth in Section 9.10 have been satisfied.
The Borrower and each other Credit Party which owns or operates, or will own or operate, the Vessel at any time is, or will be, qualified to own and operate the Vessel under the laws of the Bahamas or such other jurisdiction in which the Vessel is permitted, or will be permitted, to be flagged in accordance with the terms of Section 9.13.
8.21 Vessel Classification.
The Vessel is or will be as of the Delivery Date, classified in the highest class available for vessels of its age and type with a classification society listed on Schedule 8.21 hereto or another internationally recognized classification society reasonably acceptable to the Collateral Agent, free of any overdue conditions or recommendations.
None of the Credit Parties nor any of their respective assets enjoys any right of immunity (sovereign or otherwise) from set-off, suit or execution in respect of their obligations under this Agreement or any of the other Credit Documents or by any relevant or applicable law.
8.23 Fees, Governing Law and Enforcement.
No fees or taxes, including, without limitation, stamp, transaction, registration or similar taxes, are required to be paid to ensure the legality, validity, or enforceability of this Agreement or any of the other Credit Documents other than recording taxes which have been, or will be, paid as and to the extent due.
Under the laws of the Bahamas or any other jurisdiction where the Vessel is flagged, the choice of the laws of England as set forth in the Credit Documents which are stated to be governed by the laws of England is a valid choice of law, and the irrevocable submission by each Credit Party to jurisdiction and consent to service of process and, where necessary, appointment by such Credit Party of an agent for service of process, in each case as set forth in such Credit Documents, is legal, valid, binding and effective.
75  8.24 Form of Documentation.
Each of the Credit Documents is in proper legal form (under the laws of England, the Bahamas, Bermuda and each other jurisdiction where the Vessel is flagged or where the Credit Parties are domiciled) for the enforcement thereof under such laws.
To ensure the legality, validity, enforceability or admissibility in evidence of each such Credit Document in England, the Bahamas and/or Bermuda it is not necessary that any Credit Document or any other document be filed or recorded with any court or other authority in England, the Bahamas and Bermuda, except as have been made, or will be made, in accordance with Section 5, 6, 7 and 8, as applicable.
8.25 Pari Passu or Priority Status.
The claims of the Agents and the Lenders against the Parent or the Borrower under this Agreement will rank at least pari passu with the claims of all unsecured creditors of the Parent or the Borrower (other than claims of such creditors to the extent that they are statutorily preferred) and in priority to the claims of any creditor of the Parent or the Borrower who is also a Credit Party.
8.26 Solvency.
The Credit Parties, taken as a whole, are and shall remain, after the advance to them of the Loans or any of such Loans, solvent in accordance with the laws of Bermuda, the United States, England and the Bahamas and in particular with the provisions of the Bankruptcy Code and the requirements thereof.
8.27 No Undisclosed Commissions.
There are and will be no commissions, rebates, premiums or other payments by or to or on account of any Credit Party, their shareholders or directors in connection with the Transaction as a whole other than as disclosed to the Facility Agent or any other Agent in writing.
8.28 Completeness of Documentation.
The copies of the Management Agreements, the Construction Contract, each Refund Guarantee, and to the extent applicable, the Supervision Agreement delivered to the Facility Agent are true and complete copies of each such document constituting valid and binding obligations of the parties thereto enforceable in accordance with their respective terms and no amendments thereto or variations thereof have been agreed nor has any action been taken by the parties thereto which would in any way render such document inoperative or unenforceable, unless replaced by a management agreement or management agreements, refund guarantees or, to the extent applicable, a supervision agreement, as the case may be, reasonably satisfactory to the Facility Agent.
8.29 Money Laundering.
Any borrowing by the Borrower hereunder, and the performance of its obligations hereunder and under the other Security Documents, will be for its own account and will not, to the best of its knowledge, involve any breach by it of any law or regulatory measure relating to “money laundering” as defined in Article 1 of the Directive (2005/EC/60) of the European Parliament and of the Council of the European Communities.
76  SECTION 9.
Affirmative Covenants.
The Parent and the Borrower hereby covenant and agree that on and after the Initial Borrowing Date and until the Total Commitments have terminated and the Loans, together with interest, Commitment Commission and all other obligations incurred hereunder and thereunder, are paid in full (other than contingent indemnification and expense reimbursement claims for which no claim has been made): 9.01 Information Covenants.
Within 60 days after the close of the first three fiscal quarters in each fiscal year of the Parent, the consolidated balance sheets of the Parent and its Subsidiaries as at the end of such quarterly accounting period and the related consolidated statements of operations and cash flows, in each case for such quarterly accounting period and for the elapsed portion of the fiscal year ended with the last day of such quarterly accounting period, and in each case, setting forth comparative figures for the related periods in the prior fiscal year, all of which shall be certified by a financial officer of the Borrower, subject to normal year-end audit adjustments and the absence of footnotes; (b)       Annual Financial Statements.
Within 120 days after the close of each fiscal year of the Parent, the consolidated balance sheets of the Parent and its Subsidiaries as at the end of such fiscal year and the related consolidated statements of operations and changes in shareholders’ equity and of cash flows for such fiscal year setting forth comparative figures for the preceding fiscal year and audited by independent certified public accountants of recognized international standing, together with an opinion of such accounting firm (which opinion shall not be qualified as to scope of audit or as to the status of the Parent as a going concern provided that for the fiscal years ending December 31, 2020 and December 31, 2021, any such opinion may contain a going concern explanatory paragraph or like qualification that is due to the impending maturity of any Indebtedness within twelve months of the date of delivery of such audit or any actual or potential inability to satisfy any financial covenant) to the effect that such consolidated financial statements fairly present, in all material respects, the financial position and results of operations of the Parent and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP; (c)       Valuations.
Where any such second valuation is so requested, the fair market value of the Vessel shall be determined on the basis of the average of the two appraisals so obtained.
All such appraisals shall be conducted by, and made at the expense of, the Borrower (it being understood that the Facility Agent may and, at the request of the Lenders, shall, upon prior written notice to the Borrower (which notice shall identify the names of the relevant appraisal firms), obtain such appraisals and that the cost of all such appraisals will be for the account of the Borrower); provided that, unless an Event of Default shall then be continuing, in no event shall the Borrower be required to pay for appraisal reports from one or, if applicable, two appraisers on more than one occasion in any fiscal year of the Borrower, with the cost of any such reports in excess thereof to be paid by the Lenders on a pro rata basis;
On a quarterly basis, details of any material litigation, arbitration or administrative proceedings affecting any Credit Party which are instituted and served, or, to the knowledge of the Parent or the Borrower, threatened (and for this purpose proceedings shall be deemed to be material if they involve a claim in an amount exceeding $25,000,000 or the equivalent in another currency); (h)       Notice of Event of Default.
78  (i)       Status of Foreign Exchange Arrangements.
Promptly, such further information in its possession or control regarding its financial condition and operations and those of any company in the NCLC Group as the Facility Agent may reasonably request; and (k)      Debt Deferral Extension – Regular Monitoring Requirements.
Whilst any Deferred Loan is outstanding, upon the request of the Hermes Agent (acting on the instructions of Hermes), the Parent and the Lenders shall provide information in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Hermes regarding arrangements in respect of Indebtedness for Borrowed Money of the NCLC Group then existing or any such Indebtedness to be incurred by or made available to (as the case may be) the NCLC Group (such information to be provided directly to Hermes in accordance with terms of the Hermes Agent’s request).
All accounts required under this Section 9.01 shall be prepared in accordance with GAAP and shall fairly represent in all material respects the financial condition of the relevant company.
The Parent will keep, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to keep, proper books of record and account in all material respects, in which materially proper and correct entries shall be made of all financial transactions and the assets, liabilities and business of the Parent and its Subsidiaries in accordance with GAAP.
The Parent will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, permit officers and designated representatives of the Facility Agent at the reasonable request of any Lead Arranger to visit and inspect, under guidance of officers of the Parent or such Subsidiary, any of the properties of the Parent or such Subsidiary, and to examine the books of account of the Parent or such Subsidiary and discuss the affairs, finances and accounts of the Parent or such Subsidiary with, and be advised as to the same by, its and their officers and independent accountants, all upon reasonable prior notice and at such reasonable times and intervals and to such reasonable extent as the Facility Agent at the reasonable request of any such Lead Arranger may reasonably request.
9.03 Maintenance of Property; Insurance.
The Parent will (x) keep, and will procure that each of its Subsidiaries keeps, all of its real property and assets properly maintained and in existence and will comprehensively insure, and will procure that each of its Subsidiaries comprehensively insures, for such amounts and of such types as would be effected by prudent companies carrying on business similar to the Parent or its Subsidiaries (as the case may be) and (y) as of the Delivery Date, maintain (or cause the Borrower to maintain) insurance (including, without limitation, hull and machinery, war risks, loss of hire (if applicable), protection and indemnity insurance as set forth on Schedule 9.03 (the “Required Insurance”) with respect to the Vessel at all times.
79  9.04 Corporate Franchises.
The Parent will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, do all such things as are necessary to maintain its corporate existence (except as permitted by Section 10.02) in good standing and will ensure that it has the right and is duly qualified to conduct its business as it is conducted in all applicable jurisdictions and will obtain and maintain all franchises and rights necessary for the conduct of its business, except, in the case of Subsidiaries that are not Credit Parties, to the extent that a failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.
9.05 Compliance with Statutes, etc.
The Parent will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, comply with all applicable statutes, regulations and orders of, and all applicable restrictions (including all laws and regulations relating to money laundering) imposed by, all governmental bodies, domestic or foreign, in respect of the conduct of its business and the ownership of its property, except such non-compliances as could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.
9.06 Hermes Cover.
(a) The terms and conditions of the Hermes Cover are incorporated herein and in so far as they impose terms, conditions and/or obligations on the Collateral Agent and/or the Facility Agent and/or the Hermes Agent and/or the Lenders in relation to the Borrower or any other Credit Party then such terms, conditions and obligations are binding on the parties hereto and further in the event of any conflict between the terms of the Hermes Cover and the terms hereof the terms of the Hermes Cover shall be paramount and prevail.
For the avoidance of doubt, neither the Parent nor the Borrower has any interest or entitlement in the proceeds of the Hermes Cover.
The Parent and the Borrower will maintain their fiscal year ends as in effect on the Effective Date.
9.08 Performance of Credit Document Obligations.
The Parent will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, perform all of its obligations under the terms of each mortgage, indenture, security agreement and other debt instrument (including, without limitation, the Credit Documents) by which it is bound, except such non-performances as could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.
9.09 Payment of Taxes.
The Parent will pay and discharge, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to pay and discharge, all material taxes, assessments and governmental charges or levies imposed upon it or upon its income or profits, or upon any properties belonging to it, in each case on a timely basis, and all lawful claims which, if unpaid, might become a Lien not otherwise permitted under Section 10.01, provided that neither the Parent nor any of its Subsidiaries shall be required to pay any such tax, assessment, charge, levy or claim which is being contested in good faith and by proper proceedings if it has maintained adequate reserves with respect thereto in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.
80  9.10 Further Assurances.
(a) The Borrower will, from time to time on being required to do so by the Facility Agent or the Hermes Agent, do or procure the doing of all such acts and/or execute or procure the execution of all such documents in a form reasonably satisfactory to the Facility Agent or the Hermes Agent (as the case may be) as the Facility Agent or the Hermes Agent may reasonably consider necessary for giving full effect to any of the Credit Documents or securing to the Agents and/or the Lenders or any of them the full benefit of the rights, powers and remedies conferred upon the Agents and/or the Lenders or any of them in any such Credit Document.
(b)      The Borrower hereby authorizes the Collateral Agent to file one or more financing or continuation statements under the UCC (or any non-U.S. equivalent thereto), and amendments thereto, relative to all or any part of the Collateral without the signature of the Borrower, where permitted by law.
(d)       If at any time the Borrower shall enter into a Supervision Agreement pursuant to the Construction Contract, the Borrower shall, substantially simultaneously therewith, duly authorize, execute and deliver a valid and effective first-priority legal assignment in favor of the Collateral Agent of all of the Borrower’s present and future interests in and benefits under such Supervision Agreement, which such assignment shall be in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Facility Agent, and customary for this type of transaction.
9.11 Ownership of Subsidiaries.
Other than “director qualifying shares” and similar requirements, the Parent shall at all times directly or indirectly own 100% of the Capital Stock or other Equity Interests of the Borrower (except as permitted by Section 10.02).
9.12 Consents and Registrations.
Insofar as such filings or registrations have not been completed on or before the Initial Borrowing Date, the Borrower will procure the filing or registration within applicable time limits of each Security Document which requires filing or registration together with all ancillary documents required to preserve the priority and enforceability of the Security Documents.
81  9.13 Flag of Vessel.
(a) The Borrower shall cause the Vessel to be registered under the laws and flag of the Bahamas or, provided that the requirements of a Flag Jurisdiction Transfer are satisfied, another Acceptable Flag Jurisdiction.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Borrower may transfer the Vessel to an Acceptable Flag Jurisdiction pursuant to the requirements set forth in the definition of “Flag Jurisdiction Transfer”.
(b)               Except as permitted by Section 10.02, the Borrower will own the Vessel and will procure that the Vessel is traded within the NCLC Fleet from the Delivery Date until the Maturity Date.
(c)               The Borrower will at all times engage a Manager to provide the commercial and technical management and crewing of the Vessel.
9.14 “Know Your Customer” and Other Similar Information.
The Parent will, and will cause the Credit Parties, to provide (i) the “Know Your Customer” information required pursuant to the PATRIOT Act and applicable money laundering provisions and (ii) such other documentation and evidence necessary in order for the Lenders to carry out and be reasonably satisfied with other similar checks under all applicable laws and regulations pursuant to the Transaction and the Hermes Cover, in each case as requested by the Facility Agent, the Hermes Agent or any Lender in connection with each of the Facility Agent’s, the Hermes Agent’s and each Lender’s internal compliance regulations.
9.15 Equal Treatment.
82  (c)               provided that if this clause (c) applies to a grant of additional Liens, clause (e) below shall not apply in respect of such Liens, if at any time after the date of the Third Supplemental Agreement, it or any other member of the NCLC Group is required to grant additional Liens in relation to a financial contract or financial document relating to any existing Indebtedness for Borrowed Money: (i)             with the support of any ECA (excluding any extensions or increases of such existing Indebtedness for Borrowed Money), such Lien shall be granted on a pari passu basis to the Lenders (and the Facility Agent agrees to enter and/or procure the entry by the relevant Lenders into such intercreditor documentation to reflect such pari passu ranking (in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Lenders) as may be required in connection with such arrangements); or (ii)           without the support of any ECA (excluding any extensions or increases of such existing Indebtedness for Borrowed Money), such Lien shall (without prejudice to any of the Borrower’s other obligations under this Agreement) be permitted provided that it shall not have an adverse effect on any Liens or other rights granted to the Collateral Agent under the Credit Documents; (d)              in respect of any new Indebtedness for Borrowed Money incurred by a member of the NCLC Group or any extensions or increases of any existing Indebtedness for Borrowed Money (in each case, other than any such Indebtedness permitted under this Agreement), in each case with or which has the support of any ECA, the Parent shall enter into good faith negotiations with the Facility Agent to grant additional Liens for the purpose of further securing the Loans; provided that any failure to reach agreement under this paragraph (d) following such good faith negotiations shall not constitute an Event of Default; and (e)              save for the incurrence of any Indebtedness for Borrowed Money or the granting of any Liens as permitted under Section 4.02(d)(ii) and (iv) and except as permitted by clause (c) above, if at any time after the Second Deferral Effective Date the Parent or any other member of the NCLC Group enters into any financial contract or financial document relating to any Indebtedness for Borrowed Money and which contains any debt deferral or covenant waivers of existing debt, or the raising of any new debt intended to reimburse existing debt that benefits from additional Liens or more favourable terms than those available to the Lenders such additional Liens or terms shall be granted to the Lenders on a pari passu basis.
9.16 Covered Construction Contracts.
(i)        The Parent shall, and the Parent shall procure that any member of the NCLC Group that has entered into a shipbuilding contract with a shipbuilder or enters into any such shipbuilding contract, in each case which is financed with the support of Hermes (as amended from time to time having regard to sub-clause (ii) below, the “Covered Construction Contracts”) shall, continue to perform all of their respective obligations as set out in any Covered Construction Contract (including without limitation the payment of any instalments due under any Covered Construction Contract (as the same may have been amended prior to the Second Deferral Effective Date), and subject to any amendment agreed pursuant to sub-clause (ii) below).
The Parent shall and the Parent shall procure that any member of the NCLC Group shall promptly notify the Facility Agent and Hermes of any failure by it to comply with any due and owing obligations under a Covered Construction Contract.
(ii)       The Parent shall and the Parent shall procure that any member of the NCLC Group further undertakes to consult with the Facility Agent and Hermes in respect of any proposed amendment to a Covered Construction Contract insofar as any such proposed amendment relates to a payment instalment or (save as expressly permitted by the relevant credit agreement) a delivery date or any other substantial amendment which may affect the related financing and to obtain the Facility Agent and Hermes’s approval prior to executing any such amendment.
SECTION 10.
Negative Covenants.
The Parent and the Borrower hereby covenant and agree that on and after the Initial Borrowing Date and until all Commitments have terminated and the Loans, together with interest, Commitment Commission and all other Credit Document Obligations incurred hereunder and thereunder, are paid in full (other than contingent indemnification and expense reimbursement claims for which no claim has been made): 10.01 Liens.
The Parent will not, and will not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any Lien upon or with respect to any Collateral, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, or sell any such Collateral subject to an understanding or agreement, contingent or otherwise, to repurchase such Collateral (including sales of accounts receivable with recourse to the Parent or any of its Subsidiaries); provided that the provisions of this Section 10.01 shall not prevent the creation, incurrence, assumption or existence of the following (Liens described below are herein referred to as “Permitted Liens”): (i)    inchoate Liens for taxes, assessments or governmental charges or levies not yet due and payable or Liens for taxes, assessments or governmental charges or levies being contested in good faith and by appropriate proceedings for which adequate reserves have been established in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; (ii)   Liens imposed by law, which were incurred in the ordinary course of business and do not secure Indebtedness for Borrowed Money, such as carriers’, warehousemen’s, materialmen’s and mechanics’ liens and other similar Liens arising in the ordinary course of business, and (x) which do not in the aggregate materially detract from the value of the Collateral and do not materially impair the use thereof in the operation of the business of the Parent or such Subsidiary or (y) which are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings, which proceedings (or orders entered in connection with such proceedings) have the effect of preventing the forfeiture or sale of the Collateral subject to any such Lien;
84  (iii)      Liens in existence on the Effective Date which are listed, and the property subject thereto described, in Schedule 10.01, without giving effect to any renewals or extensions of such Liens, provided that the aggregate principal amount of the Indebtedness, if any, secured by such Liens does not increase from that amount outstanding on the Effective Date, less any repayments of principal thereof; (iv)     Liens created pursuant to the Security Documents including, without limitation, Liens created in relation to any Interest Rate Protection Agreement or Other Hedging Agreement; (v)      Liens arising out of judgments, awards, decrees or attachments with respect to which the Parent or any of its Subsidiaries shall in good faith be prosecuting an appeal or proceedings for review, provided that the aggregate amount of all such judgments, awards, decrees or attachments shall not constitute an Event of Default under Section 11.09; (vi)     Liens in respect of seamen’s wages which are not past due and other maritime Liens arising in the ordinary course of business up to an aggregate amount of $10,000,000; or (vii)    Liens which rank after the Liens created by the Security Documents to secure the performance of bids, tenders, bonds or contracts; provided that (a) such bids, tenders, bonds or contracts directly relate to the Vessel, are incurred in the ordinary course of business and do not relate to the incurrence of Indebtedness for Borrowed Money, and (b) at any time outstanding, the aggregate amount of Liens under this clause (vii) shall not secure greater than $25,000,000 of obligations.
In connection with the granting of Liens described above in this Section 10.01 by the Parent, or any of its Subsidiaries, the Facility Agent and the Collateral Agent shall be authorized to take any actions deemed appropriate by it in connection therewith (including, without limitation, by executing appropriate lien subordination agreements in favor of the holder or holders of such Liens, in respect of the item or items of equipment or other assets subject to such Liens).
10.02 Consolidation, Merger, Amalgamation, Sale of Assets, Acquisitions, etc.
(a) The Parent will not, and will not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, wind up, liquidate or dissolve its affairs or enter into any transaction of merger, amalgamation or consolidation, or convey, sell, lease or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of its property or assets, or make any Acquisitions, except that: (i)                 any Subsidiary of the Parent (other than the Borrower) may merge, amalgamate or consolidate with and into, or be dissolved or liquidated into, the Parent or other Subsidiary of the Parent (other than the Borrower), so long as (x) in the case of any such merger, amalgamation, consolidation, dissolution or liquidation involving the Parent, the Parent is the surviving or continuing entity of any such merger, amalgamation, consolidation, dissolution or liquidation and (y) any security interests granted to the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Secured Creditors pursuant to the Security Documents in the assets of such Subsidiary shall remain in full force and effect and perfected (to at least the same extent as in effect immediately prior to such merger, amalgamation, consolidation, dissolution or liquidation) and all actions required to maintain said perfected status have been taken;
85  (ii)             the Parent and any Subsidiary of the Parent may make dispositions of assets so long as such disposition is permitted pursuant to Section 10.02(b); (iii)            the Parent and any Subsidiary of the Parent (other than the Borrower) may make Acquisitions; provided that (x) the Parent provides evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Required Lenders that the Parent will be in compliance with the financial undertakings contained in Sections 10.06 to 10.09 after giving effect to such Acquisition on a pro forma basis and (y) no Default or Event of Default will exist after giving effect to such Acquisition; and (iv)            the Parent and any Subsidiary of the Parent (other than the Borrower) may establish new Subsidiaries.
(b)       The Parent will not, and will not permit any other company in the NCLC Group to, either in a single transaction or in a series of transactions whether related or not and whether voluntarily or involuntarily, sell, transfer, lease or otherwise dispose of all or a substantial part of its assets except that the following disposals shall not be taken into account: (i)       dispositions made in the ordinary course of trading of the disposing entity (excluding a disposition of the Vessel or other Collateral) including without limitation, the payment of cash as consideration for the purchase or acquisition of any asset or service or in the discharge of any obligation incurred for value in the ordinary course of trading; (ii)      dispositions of cash raised or borrowed for the purposes for which such cash was raised or borrowed; (iii)     dispositions of assets (other than the Vessel or other Collateral) owned by any member of the NCLC Group in exchange for other assets comparable or superior as to type and value; (iv)     a vessel (other than the Vessel or other Collateral) or any other asset owned by any member of the NCLC Group (other than the Borrower) may be sold, provided such sale is on a willing seller willing buyer basis at or about market rate and at arm’s length subject always to the provisions of any loan documentation for the financing of such vessel or other asset; (v)      the Credit Parties may sell, lease or otherwise dispose of the Vessel or sell 100% of the Capital Stock of the Borrower, provided that such sale is made at fair market value, the Total Commitment is permanently reduced to $0, and the Loans are repaid in full; and (vi)     Permitted Chartering Arrangements.
(a)               Subject to Section 4.02(d) and sub-clause (b) below, the Parent and each of its Subsidiaries shall be entitled at any time to authorize, declare or pay any Dividends provided no Default is continuing or would occur as a result of the authorization, declaration or payment of any such Dividend at such time; (b)               Notwithstanding the foregoing sub-clause (a), (i) any Subsidiary of the Parent (other than the Borrower, in respect of which Section 10.12 applies) may (x) authorize, declare and pay Dividends to another member of the NCLC Group regardless of whether a Default exists at such time, (y) pay Dividends and other distributions, directly or indirectly, to the Parent for the purpose of providing liquidity to the Parent to enable the Parent to satisfy payment obligations for which the Parent is an obligor, and (ii) the Parent, Holdings and the Subsidiaries may pay Dividends and other distributions (A) in respect of the Tax liability to each relevant jurisdiction in respect of consolidated, combined, unitary or affiliated Tax returns for each relevant jurisdiction of the NCLC Group or Holdings or holder of the Parent’s Capital Stock with respect to income taxable as a result of any member of the NCLC Group or Holdings being taxed as a pass-through entity for U.S. Federal, state and local income Tax purposes or attributable to any member of the NCLC Group, (B) in respect of a conversion, exchange or repurchase of convertible or exchangeable notes and any conversion of preference shares to ordinary shares in connection therewith, provided that the cash portion of a repurchase of convertible or exchangeable notes is limited to the amount of interest that would otherwise be payable through maturity on the amount of such convertible or exchangeable notes being repurchased plus any amount payable in lieu of fractional shares, and (C) to the extent contractually owed to holders of equity in the Parent or Holdings and (iii) the Parent may pay Dividends and other distributions to Holdings for the purposes of providing cash to Holdings for the payment of any Tax payable in connection with Holdings’ equity plan; provided that the actions in clause (ii) above shall only be permitted if no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or would result therefrom.
10.04 Advances, Investments and Loans.
The Parent will not, and will not permit any other member of the NCLC Group to, purchase or acquire any margin stock (or other Equity Interests) or any other asset, or make any capital contribution to or other investment in any other Person (each of the foregoing an “Investment” and, collectively, “Investments”), in each case either in a single transaction or in a series of transactions (whether related or not), except that the following shall be permitted:     10.05 Transactions with Affiliates.
(a) The Parent will not, and will not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, directly or indirectly, make any payment to, or sell, lease, transfer or otherwise dispose of any of its properties or assets to, or purchase any property or assets from, or enter into or make or amend any transaction or series of transactions, contract, agreement, understanding, loan, advance or guarantee with, or for the benefit of, any Affiliate of such Person (each of the foregoing, an “Affiliate Transaction”) involving aggregate consideration in excess of $10,000,000, unless such Affiliate Transaction is on terms that are not materially less favorable to the Parent or any Subsidiary of the Parent than those that could have been obtained in a comparable transaction by such Person with an unrelated Person.
87  (b)        The provisions of Section 10.05(a) shall not apply to the following: (i)               transactions between or among the Parent and/or any Subsidiary of the Parent (or an entity that becomes a Subsidiary of the Parent as a result of such transaction) and any merger, consolidation or amalgamation of the Parent or any Subsidiary of the Parent and any direct parent of the Parent, any Subsidiary of the Parent or, in the case of a Subsidiary of the Parent, the Parent; provided that such parent shall have no material liabilities and no material assets other than cash, Cash Equivalents and the Capital Stock of the Parent or such Subsidiary of the Parent, as the case may be, and such merger, consolidation or amalgamation is otherwise in compliance with the terms of this Agreement and effected for a bona fide business purpose; (ii)              Dividends permitted by Section 10.03 and Investments permitted by Section 10.04; (iii)             the payment of reasonable and customary fees and reimbursement of expenses paid to, and indemnity provided on behalf of, officers, directors, employees or consultants of the Parent or any Subsidiary of the Parent, any direct or indirect parent of the Parent; (iv)            [intentionally omitted]; (v)            any agreement to pay, and the payment of, monitoring, management, transaction, advisory or similar fees (A) in an aggregate amount in any fiscal year not to exceed the sum of (1) the greater of (i) 1% of Consolidated EBITDA of the Parent and (ii) $9,000,000, plus reasonable out of pocket costs and expenses in connection therewith and unpaid amounts accrued for prior periods; plus (2) any deferred fees (to the extent such fees were within such amount in clause (A)(1) above originally), plus (B) 2.0% of the value of transactions with respect to which an Affiliate provides any transaction, advisory or other services; (vi)            transactions in which the Parent or any Subsidiary of the Parent, as the case may be, delivers to the Facility Agent a letter from an independent financial advisor stating that such transaction is fair to the Parent or any Subsidiary of the Parent, as the case may be, from a financial point of view or meets the requirements of Section 10.05(a); (vii)           payments or loans (or cancellation of loans) to officers, directors, employees or consultants which are approved by a majority of the board of directors of the Parent in good faith;
88  (viii)          any agreement as in effect as of the Effective Date or any amendment thereto (so long as any such agreement together with all amendments thereto, taken as a whole, is not more disadvantageous to the Lenders in any material respect than the original agreement as in effect on the Effective Date) or any transaction contemplated thereby as determined in good faith by the Parent; (ix)             (A) transactions with customers, clients, suppliers or purchasers or sellers of goods or services, or transactions otherwise relating to the purchase or sale of goods or services, in each case in the ordinary course of business and otherwise in compliance with the terms of this Agreement, which are fair to the Parent and its Subsidiaries in the reasonable determination of the Board of Directors or the senior management of the Parent, or are on terms at least as favorable as might reasonably have been obtained at such time from an unaffiliated party or (B) transactions with joint ventures or Subsidiaries of the Parent entered into in the ordinary course of business and consistent with past practice or industry norm; (x)              the issuance of Equity Interests (other than Disqualified Stock) of the Parent to any Person; (xi)             the issuances of securities or other payments, awards or grants in cash, securities or otherwise pursuant to, or the funding of, employment arrangements, stock option and stock ownership plans or similar employee benefit plans approved by the Board of Directors of the Parent or any direct or indirect parent of the Issuer or of a Subsidiary of the Parent, as appropriate, in good faith; (xii)            any contribution to the capital of the Parent; (xiii)           transactions between the Parent or any Subsidiary of the Parent and any Person, a director of which is also a director of the Parent or a Subsidiary of the Parent or any direct or indirect parent of the Parent; provided, however, that such director abstains from voting as a director of the Parent or a Subsidiary of the Parent or such direct or indirect parent, as the case may be, on any matter involving such other Person; (xiv)           pledges of Equity Interests of Subsidiaries of the Parent (other than the Borrower); (xv)            the formation and maintenance of any consolidated group or subgroup for tax, accounting or cash pooling or management purposes in the ordinary course of business; (xvi)           any employment agreements entered into by the Parent or any Subsidiary of the Parent in the ordinary course of business; and (xvii)          transactions undertaken in good faith (as certified by a responsible financial or accounting officer of the Parent in an officer’s certificate) for the purpose of improving the consolidated tax efficiency of Holdings, the Parent and its Subsidiaries and not for the purpose of circumventing any provision set forth in this Agreement.
89  10.06 Free Liquidity.
10.07 Total Net Funded Debt to Total Capitalization.
The Parent will not permit the ratio of Total Net Funded Debt to Total Capitalization to be greater than 0.70:1.00 at any time.
10.08 Collateral Maintenance.
The Borrower will not permit the Appraised Value of the Vessel (such value, the “Vessel Value”) to be less than 125% of the aggregate outstanding principal amount of Loans at such time; provided that, so long as any non-compliance in respect of this Section 10.08 is not caused by a voluntary Collateral Disposition, such non-compliance shall not constitute a Default or an Event of Default so long as within 10 Business Days of the occurrence of such default, the Borrower shall either (i) post additional collateral reasonably satisfactory to the Required Lenders in favor of the Collateral Agent (it being understood that cash collateral comprised of Dollars is satisfactory and that it shall be valued at par), pursuant to security documentation reasonably satisfactory in form and substance to the Collateral Agent and the Lead Arrangers, in an aggregate amount sufficient to cure such non-compliance (and shall at all times during such period and prior to satisfactory completion thereof, be diligently carrying out such actions) or (ii) repay Loans in an amount sufficient to cure such non-compliance; provided, further, that, subject to the last sentence in Section 9.01(c), the covenant in this Section 10.08 shall be tested no more than once per calendar year beginning with the first calendar year end to occur after the Delivery Date in the absence of the occurrence of an Event of Default which is continuing.
10.09 Consolidated EBITDA to Consolidated Debt Service.
The Parent will not, and will not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, change its name, change its address as indicated on Schedule 14.03A to an address outside the State of Florida, or make or threaten to make any substantial change in its business as presently conducted or cease to perform its current business activities or carry on any other business which is substantial in relation to its business as presently conducted if doing so would imperil the security created by any of the Security Documents or affect the ability of the Parent or its Subsidiaries to duly perform its obligations under any Credit Document to which it is or may be a party from time to time (it being understood that name changes and changes of address to an address outside the State of Florida shall be permitted so long as new, relevant Security Documents are executed and delivered (and if necessary, recorded) in a form reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent), in each case in the reasonable opinion of the Facility Agent; provided that any new leisure or hospitality venture embarked upon by any member of the NCLC Group (other than the Parent) shall not constitute a substantial change in its business.
90  10.11 Subordination of Indebtedness.
Other than the Sky Vessel Indebtedness, (i) the Parent shall procure that any and all of its Indebtedness with any other Credit Party and/or any shareholder of the Parent is at all times fully subordinated to the Credit Document Obligations and (ii) Parent shall not make or permit to be made any repayments of principal, payments of interest or of any other costs, fees, expenses or liabilities arising from or representing Indebtedness with any shareholder of the Parent.
Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default, the Parent shall not make any repayments of principal, payments of interest or of any other costs, fees, expenses or liabilities arising from or representing Indebtedness with any other Credit Party (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the Sky Vessel Indebtedness); provided that, notwithstanding anything set forth in this Agreement to the contrary, the consent of the Lenders will be required for any (I) prepayment of the Sky Vessel Indebtedness in advance of the scheduled repayments set forth in the memorandum of agreement referred to in the definition of Sky Vessel and (II) amendment to the memorandum of agreement referred to in the definition of Sky Vessel to the extent that such amendment involves a material change to terms of the financing arrangements set forth therein that is adverse to the interests of either the Parent or the Lenders (including, without limitation, any change that is adverse to the interests of either the Parent or the Lenders (i) in the timing and/or schedule of repayment applicable to such financing arrangements by more than five Business Days or (ii) in the interest rate applicable to such financing arrangements).
This Section 10.11 is without prejudice to Section 4.02(d).
10.12 Activities of Borrower, etc.
The Parent will not permit the Borrower to, and the Borrower will not: (i)       issue or enter into any guarantee or indemnity or otherwise become directly or contingently liable for the obligations of any other Person, other than in the ordinary course of its business as owner of the Vessel; (ii)       incur any Indebtedness or become a creditor in respect of any Indebtedness, other than (w) Indebtedness incurred under the Credit Documents, (x) Indebtedness that is a Permitted Intercompany Arrangement, (y) Indebtedness which complies with Section 4.02(d)(ii)(I) or (z), after the Second Deferred Loan Repayment Date, in each case in the ordinary course of its business as owner of the Vessel and provided further that in the case of (x), (y) and (z) such Indebtedness is subordinated to the rights of the Lenders; (iii)       engage in any business or own any significant assets or have any material liabilities other than (i) its ownership of the Vessel and (ii) those liabilities which it is responsible for under this Agreement and the other Credit Documents to which it is a party, provided that the Borrower may also engage in those activities that are incidental to (x) the maintenance of its existence in compliance with applicable law and (y) legal, tax and accounting matters in connection with any of the foregoing activities; and (iv)       make or pay any Dividend or other distribution (in cash or in kind) in respect of its Capital Stock to another member of the NCLC Group, other than when no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or would result therefrom.
91
 10.13 Material Amendments or Modifications of Construction Contracts.
The Parent will not, and will not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, make any material amendments, modifications or changes to any term or provision of the Construction Contract that would amend, modify or change (i) the purpose of the Vessel or (ii) the Initial Construction Price in excess of 7.5% in the aggregate, in each case unless such amendment, modification or change is approved in advance by the Facility Agent and the Hermes Agent and the same could not reasonably be expected to be adverse to the interests of the Lenders or the Hermes Cover.
10.14 No Place of Business.
None of the Credit Parties shall establish a place of business in the United Kingdom or the United States of America, with the exception of those places of business already in existence on the Effective Date, unless prompt notice thereof is given to the Facility Agent and the requirements set forth in Section 9.10 have been satisfied.
SECTION 11.
Events of Default.
Upon the occurrence of any of the following specified events (each an “Event of Default”): 11.01 Payments.
Any representation, warranty or statement made or repeated in, or in connection with, any Credit Document or in any accounts, certificate, statement or opinion delivered by or on behalf of any Credit Party thereunder or in connection therewith is materially incorrect when made or would, if repeated at any time hereafter by reference to the facts subsisting at such time, no longer be materially correct; or 11.03 Covenants.
92  11.04 Default Under Other Agreements.
(a) Other than as expressly permitted in Section 10, any order is made or an effective resolution passed or other action taken for the suspension of payments or dissolution, termination of existence, liquidation, winding-up or bankruptcy of any member of the NCLC Group; or
93  (b)       Any member of the NCLC Group shall commence a voluntary case concerning itself under Title 11 of the United States Code entitled “Bankruptcy,” as now or hereafter in effect, or any successor thereto (the “Bankruptcy Code”); or an involuntary case is commenced against any member of the NCLC Group, and the petition is not dismissed within 45 days after the filing thereof, provided, however, that during the pendency of such period, each Lender shall be relieved of its obligation to extend credit hereunder; or a custodian (as defined in the Bankruptcy Code) is appointed for, or takes charge of, all or substantially all of the property of any member of the NCLC Group, to operate all or any substantial portion of the business of any member of the NCLC Group, or any member of the NCLC Group commences any other proceeding under any reorganization, arrangement, adjustment of debt, relief of debtors, dissolution, insolvency or liquidation or similar law of any jurisdiction whether now or hereafter in effect relating to any member of the NCLC Group, or there is commenced against any member of the NCLC Group any such proceeding which remains undismissed for a period of 45 days after the filing thereof, or any member of the NCLC Group is adjudicated insolvent or bankrupt; or any order of relief or other order approving any such case or proceeding is entered; or any member of the NCLC Group makes a general assignment for the benefit of creditors; or any Company action is taken by any member of the NCLC Group for the purpose of effecting any of the foregoing; or (c)       A liquidator (subject to Section 11.05(e)), trustee, administrator, receiver, manager or similar officer is appointed in respect of any member of the NCLC Group or in respect of all or any substantial part of the assets of any member of the NCLC Group and in any such case such appointment is not withdrawn within 30 days (in this Section 11.05, the “Grace Period”) unless the Facility Agent considers in its sole discretion that the interest of the Lenders and/or the Agents might reasonably be expected to be adversely affected in which event the Grace Period shall not apply; or (d)       Any member of the NCLC Group becomes or is declared insolvent or is unable, or admits in writing its inability, to pay its debts as they fall due or becomes insolvent within the terms of any applicable law; or (e)       Anything analogous to or having a substantially similar effect to any of the events specified in this Section 11.05 shall have occurred under the laws of any applicable jurisdiction (subject to the analogous grace periods set forth herein); or 11.06 Total Loss.
An Event of Loss shall occur resulting in the actual or constructive total loss of the Vessel or the agreed or compromised total loss of the Vessel and the proceeds of the insurance in respect thereof shall not have been received within 150 days of the event giving rise to such Event of Loss; or 11.07 Security Documents.
At any time after the execution and delivery thereof, any of the Security Documents shall cease to be in full force and effect, or shall cease to give the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Secured Creditors the Liens, rights, powers and privileges purported to be created thereby (including, without limitation, a perfected security interest in, and Lien on, all of the material Collateral), in favor of the Collateral Agent, superior to and prior to the rights of all third Persons (except in connection with Permitted Liens), and subject to no other Liens (except Permitted Liens), or any “event of default” (as defined in the Vessel Mortgage) shall occur in respect of the Vessel Mortgage; or
Any distress, execution, attachment or other process affects the whole or any substantial part of the assets of any member of the NCLC Group and remains undischarged for a period of 21 days or any uninsured judgment in excess of $15,000,000 following final appeal remains unsatisfied for a period of 30 days in the case of a judgment made in the United States and otherwise for a period of 60 days; or 11.10 Cessation of Business.
Subject to Section 10.02, any member of the NCLC Group shall cease to carry on all or a substantial part of its business; or 11.11 Revocation of Consents.
Any authorization, approval, consent, license, exemption, filing, registration or notarization or other requirement necessary to enable any Credit Party to comply with any of its obligations under any of the Credit Documents to which it is a party shall have been materially adversely modified, revoked or withheld or shall not remain in full force and effect and within 90 days of the date of its occurrence such event is not remedied to the satisfaction of the Required Lenders and the Required Lenders consider in their sole discretion that such failure is or might be expected to become materially prejudicial to the interests, rights or position of the Agents and the Lenders or any of them; provided that the Borrower shall not be entitled to the aforesaid 90 day period if the modification, revocation or withholding of the authorization, approval or consent is due to an act or omission of any Credit Party and the Required Lenders are satisfied in their sole discretion that the interests of the Agents or the Lenders might reasonably be expected to be materially adversely affected; or 11.12 Unlawfulness.
At any time it is unlawful or impossible for: (i)      any Credit Party to perform any of its obligations under any Credit Document to which it is a party; or (ii)     the Agents or the Lenders, as applicable, to exercise any of their rights under any of the Credit Documents; provided that no Event of Default shall be deemed to have occurred (x) (except where the unlawfulness or impossibility adversely affects any Credit Party’s payment obligations under this Agreement and/or the other Credit Documents (the determination of which shall be in the Facility Agent’s sole discretion) in which case the following provisions of this Section 11.12 shall not apply) where the unlawfulness or impossibility prevents any Credit Party from performing its obligations (other than its payment obligations under this Agreement and the other Credit Documents) and is cured within a period of 21 days of the occurrence of the event giving rise to the unlawfulness or impossibility and the relevant Credit Party, within the aforesaid period, performs its obligation(s), and (y) where the Facility Agent and/or the Lenders, as applicable, could, in its or their sole discretion, mitigate the consequences of unlawfulness or impossibility in the manner described in Section 2.11(a) (it being understood that the costs of mitigation shall be determined in accordance with Section 2.11(a)); or
95  11.13 Insurances.
The Borrower shall have failed to insure the Vessel in the manner specified in this Agreement or failed to renew the Required Insurance prior to the date of expiry thereof; or 11.14 Disposals.
The Borrower or any other member of the NCLC Group shall have concealed, removed, or permitted to be concealed or removed, any part of its property, with intent to hinder, delay or defraud its creditors or any of them, or made or suffered a transfer of any of its property which may be fraudulent under any bankruptcy, fraudulent conveyance or similar law; or shall have made any transfer of its property to or for the benefit of a creditor with the intention of preferring such creditor over any other creditor; or 11.15 Government Intervention.
The authority of any member of the NCLC Group in the conduct of its business shall be wholly or substantially curtailed by any seizure or intervention by or on behalf of any authority and within 90 days of the date of its occurrence any such seizure or intervention is not relinquished or withdrawn and the Facility Agent reasonably considers that the relevant occurrence is or might be expected to become materially prejudicial to the interests, rights or position of the Agents and/or the Lenders; provided that the Borrower shall not be entitled to the aforesaid 90 day period if the seizure or intervention executed by any authority is due to an act or omission of any member of the NCLC Group and the Facility Agent is satisfied, in its sole discretion, that the interests of the Agents and/or the Lenders might reasonably be expected to be materially adversely affected; or 11.16 Change of Control.
Any event shall occur which results in a Material Adverse Effect; or 11.18 Repudiation of Construction Contract or other Material Documents.
96  (ii) declare the principal of and any accrued interest in respect of all Loans and all Credit Document Obligations owing hereunder and thereunder to be, whereupon the same shall become, forthwith due and payable without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all of which are hereby waived by each Credit Party; and (iii) enforce, as Collateral Agent, all of the Liens and security interests created pursuant to the Security Documents.
SECTION 12.
Each Lender hereby irrevocably authorizes the Agents to take such action on its behalf under the provisions of this Agreement, the other Credit Documents and any other instruments and agreements referred to herein or therein and to exercise such powers and to perform such duties hereunder and thereunder as are specifically delegated to or required of the Agents by the terms hereof and thereof and such other powers as are reasonably incidental thereto.
Each Agent may perform any of its duties hereunder by or through its respective officers, directors, agents, employees or affiliates and, may transfer from time to time any or all of its rights, duties and obligations hereunder and under the relevant Credit Documents (in accordance with the terms thereof) to any of its banking affiliates.
(b)       With effect from the Initial Syndication Date, KfW IPEX-Bank GmbH in its capacity as Collateral Agent pursuant to the Security Documents declares that it shall hold the Collateral in trust for the Secured Creditors.
The Collateral Agent shall have the right to delegate a co-agent or sub-agent from time to time to perform and benefit from any or all of rights, duties and obligations hereunder and under the relevant Security Documents (in accordance with the terms thereof and of the Security Trust Deed) and, in the event that any such duties or obligations are so delegated, the Collateral Agent is hereby authorized to enter into additional Security Documents or amendments to the then existing Security Documents to the extent it deems necessary or advisable to implement such delegation and, in connection therewith, the Parent will, or will cause the relevant Subsidiary to, use its commercially reasonable efforts to promptly deliver any opinion of counsel that the Facility Agent may reasonably require to the reasonable satisfaction of the Facility Agent.
(c)      The Lenders hereby designate KfW IPEX-Bank GmbH, as Hermes Agent, which Agent shall be responsible for any and all communication, information and negotiation required with Hermes in relation to the Hermes Cover.
12.02 Nature of Duties.
The Agents shall have no duties or responsibilities except those expressly set forth in this Agreement and the Security Documents.
None of the Agents nor any of their respective officers, directors, agents, employees or affiliates shall be liable for any action taken or omitted by it or them hereunder, under any other Credit Document, under the Hermes Cover or in connection herewith or therewith, unless caused by such Person’s gross negligence or willful misconduct (any such liability limited to the applicable Agent to whom such Person relates).
The duties of each of the Agents shall be mechanical and administrative in nature; none of the Agents shall have by reason of this Agreement or any other Credit Document any fiduciary relationship in respect of any Lender; and nothing in this Agreement or any other Credit Document, expressed or implied, is intended to or shall be so construed as to impose upon any Agents any obligations in respect of this Agreement, any other Credit Document or the Hermes Cover except as expressly set forth herein or therein.
97  12.03 Lack of Reliance on the Agents.
Independently and without reliance upon the Agents, each Lender, to the extent it deems appropriate, has made and shall continue to make (i) its own independent investigation of the financial condition and affairs of the Credit Parties in connection with the making and the continuance of the Loans and the taking or not taking of any action in connection herewith, (ii) its own appraisal of the creditworthiness of the Credit Parties and (iii) its own appraisal of the Hermes Cover and, except as expressly provided in this Agreement, none of the Agents shall have any duty or responsibility, either initially or on a continuing basis, to provide any Lender with any credit or other information with respect thereto, whether coming into its possession before the making of the Loans or at any time or times thereafter.
None of the Agents shall be responsible to any Lender for any recitals, statements, information, representations or warranties herein or in any document, certificate or other writing delivered in connection herewith or for the execution, effectiveness, genuineness, validity, enforceability, perfection, collectibility, priority or sufficiency of this Agreement, any other Credit Document, the Hermes Cover or the financial condition of the Credit Parties or any of them or be required to make any inquiry concerning either the performance or observance of any of the terms, provisions or conditions of this Agreement, any other Credit Document, the Hermes Cover, or the financial condition of the Credit Parties or any of them or the existence or possible existence of any Default or Event of Default.
12.04 Certain Rights of the Agents.
If any of the Agents shall request instructions from the Required Lenders with respect to any act or action (including failure to act) in connection with this Agreement, any other Credit Document or the Hermes Cover, the Agents shall be entitled to refrain from such act or taking such action unless and until the Agents shall have received instructions from the Required Lenders; and the Agents shall not incur liability to any Person by reason of so refraining.
Without limiting the foregoing, no Lender shall have any right of action whatsoever against the Agents as a result of any of the Agents acting or refraining from acting hereunder or under any other Credit Document in accordance with the instructions of the Required Lenders.
12.05 Reliance.
Each of the Agents shall be entitled to rely, and shall be fully protected in relying, upon any note, writing, resolution, notice, statement, certificate, telex, email, teletype or telecopier message, cablegram, radiogram, order or other document or telephone message signed, sent or made by any Person that the applicable Agent believed to be the proper Person, and, with respect to all legal matters pertaining to this Agreement, any other Credit Document, the Hermes Cover and its duties hereunder and thereunder, upon advice of counsel selected by the Facility Agent.
To the extent any of the Agents is not reimbursed and indemnified by the Borrower, the Lenders will reimburse and indemnify the applicable Agents, in proportion to their respective “percentages” as used in determining the Required Lenders (without regard to the existence of any Defaulting Lenders), for and against any and all liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties, claims, actions, judgments, costs, expenses or disbursements of whatsoever kind or nature which may be imposed on, asserted against or incurred by such Agents in performing their respective duties hereunder or under any other Credit Document, in any way relating to or arising out of this Agreement or any other Credit Document; provided that no Lender shall be liable to an Agent for any portion of such liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties, actions, judgments, suits, costs, expenses or disbursements resulting from such Agent’s gross negligence or willful misconduct.
12.07 The Agents in their Individual Capacities.
With respect to its obligation to make Loans under this Agreement, each of the Agents shall have the rights and powers specified herein for a “Lender” and may exercise the same rights and powers as though it were not performing the duties specified herein; and the term “Lenders,” “Secured Creditors”, “Required Lenders” or any similar terms shall, unless the context clearly otherwise indicates, include each of the Agents in their respective individual capacity.
Each of the Agents may accept deposits from, lend money to, and generally engage in any kind of banking, trust or other business with any Credit Party or any Affiliate of any Credit Party as if it were not performing the duties specified herein, and may accept fees and other consideration from the Borrower or any other Credit Party for services in connection with this Agreement and otherwise without having to account for the same to the Lenders.
Such resignation shall take effect upon the appointment of a successor Agent pursuant to clauses (b) and (c) below or as otherwise provided below.
(b)     Upon notice of resignation by an Agent pursuant to clause (a) above, the Required Lenders shall appoint a successor Agent hereunder or thereunder who shall be a commercial bank or trust company reasonably acceptable to the Borrower; provided that the Borrower’s consent shall not be required pursuant to this clause (b) if an Event of Default exists at the time of appointment of a successor Agent.
12.09 The Lead Arrangers.
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement or any provision of any other Credit Document, KfW IPEX-Bank GmbH is hereby appointed as a Lead Arranger by the Lenders to act as specified herein and in the other Credit Documents.
Each of the Lead Arrangers in their respective capacities as such shall have only the limited powers, duties, responsibilities and liabilities with respect to this Agreement or the other Credit Documents or the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby as are set forth herein or therein; it being understood and agreed that the Lead Arrangers shall be entitled to all indemnification and reimbursement rights in favor of any of the Agents as provided for under Sections 12.06 and 14.01.
Without limitation of the foregoing, none of the Lead Arrangers shall, solely by reason of this Agreement or any other Credit Documents, have any fiduciary relationship in respect of any Lender or any other Person.
12.10 Impaired Agent.
(a) If, at any time, any Agent becomes an Impaired Agent, a Credit Party or a Lender which is required to make a payment under the Credit Documents to such Agent in accordance with Section 4.03 may instead either pay that amount directly to the required recipient or pay that amount to an interest-bearing account held with an Acceptable Bank within the meaning of paragraph (a) of the definition of “Acceptable Bank” and in relation to which no Insolvency Event has occurred and is continuing, in the name of the Credit Party or the Lender making the payment and designated as a trust account for the benefit of the party or parties hereto beneficially entitled to that payment under the Credit Documents.
100  (b)      All interest accrued on the amount standing to the credit of the trust account shall be for the benefit of the beneficiaries of that trust account pro rata to their respective entitlements.
(c)       A party to this Agreement which has made a payment in accordance with this Section 12.10 shall be discharged of the relevant payment obligation under the Credit Documents and shall not take any credit risk with respect to the amounts standing to the credit of the trust account.
As from such date, the retiring Agent shall be discharged from any further obligation in respect of the Credit Documents but shall remain entitled to the benefit of this Section 12.11 (and any agency fees for the account of the retiring Agent shall cease to accrue from (and shall be payable on) that date).
(d)      Any successor Agent and each of the other parties to this Agreement shall have the same rights and obligations amongst themselves as they would have had if such successor had been an original party to this Agreement.
Such resignation shall take effect upon the appointment of a successor Hermes Agent pursuant to clauses (b) and (c) below or as otherwise provided below.
(b)      Upon any such notice of resignation by the Hermes Agent, the Required Lenders shall appoint a successor Hermes Agent hereunder or thereunder who shall be a commercial bank or trust company reasonably acceptable to the Borrower; provided that the Borrower’s consent shall not be required pursuant to this clause (b) if an Event of Default exists at the time of appointment of a successor Hermes Agent.
SECTION 13.
Benefit of Agreement.
This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by the respective successors and assigns of the parties hereto, subject to the provisions of this Section 13.
(a) Subject to Section 13.06, 13.07 and the First Supplemental Agreement, any Lender (or any Lender together with one or more other Lenders, each an “Existing Lender”) may: (i)        with the consent of the Hermes Agent and the written consent of the Federal Republic of Germany, where required according to the applicable Hermes General Terms and Conditions (Allgemeine Bedingungen) and the supplementary provisions relating to the assignment of Guaranteed Amounts (Ergänzende Bestimmungen für Forderungsabtretungen-AB (FAB)), assign any of its rights or transfer by novation any of its rights and obligations under this Agreement or any Credit Document to which it is a party (including, without limitation, all of the Commitments and outstanding Loans, or if less than all, a portion equal to at least $10,000,000 in the aggregate for such Lender’s rights and obligations) (but which minimum portion shall not apply in relation to any transfer as set out in (z) below), to (w) its parent company and/or any Affiliate of such assigning or transferring Lender which is at least 50% owned (directly or indirectly) by such Lender or its parent company, (x) in the case of any Lender that is a fund that invests in bank loans, any other fund that invests in bank loans and is managed or advised by the same investment advisor of such Lender or by an Affiliate of such investment advisor, (y) an Existing Lender who is a Refinanced Bank as contemplated by clause 3.2 of the First Supplemental Agreement or (z) an Existing Lender as contemplated by clause 3.3 of the First Supplemental Agreement; or (ii)        with the consent of the Hermes Agent, the written consent of the Federal Republic of Germany, where required according to the applicable Hermes General Terms and Conditions (Allgemeine Bedingungen) and the supplementary provisions relating to the assignment of Guaranteed Amounts (Ergänzende Bestimmungen für Forderungsabtretungen-AB (FAB)) and the consent of the Borrower (which consent, in the case of the Borrower (x) shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed, (y) shall not be required if a Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing at such time and (z) shall be deemed to have been given ten Business Days after the Existing Lender has requested it in writing unless consent is expressly refused by the Borrower within that time) assign any of its rights in or transfer by novation any of its rights in and obligations under all of its Commitments and outstanding Loans, or if less than all, a portion equal to at least $10,000,000 in the aggregate for such Existing Lender’s rights and obligations, hereunder to one or more Eligible Transferees (treating any fund that invests in bank loans and any other fund that invests in bank loans and is managed or advised by the same investment advisor of such fund or by an Affiliate of such investment advisor as a single Eligible Transferee),
102  each of which assignees or transferees shall become a party to this Agreement as a Lender by execution of (I) an Assignment Agreement (in the case of assignments) and (II) a Transfer Certificate (in the case of transfers under Section 13.06); provided that (x) at such time, Schedule 1.01(a) shall be deemed modified to reflect the Commitments and/or outstanding Loans, as the case may be, of such New Lender and of the Existing Lenders, (y) the consent of the Facility Agent shall be required in connection with any assignment or transfer pursuant to the preceding clause (ii) (which consent, in each case, shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed) and (z) the consent of the CIRR Representative and the Federal Republic of Germany shall be required in connection with any assignment or transfer pursuant to preceding clause (i) or (ii) if the New Lender elects to become a Refinanced Bank or enter into an Interest Make-Up Agreement; and provided, further, that at no time shall a Lender assign or transfer its rights or obligations under this Agreement to a hedge fund, private equity fund, insurance company or other similar or related financing institution that is not in the primary business of accepting cash deposits from, and making loans to, the public.
(b)       If (x) a Lender assigns or transfers any of its rights or obligations under the Credit Documents or changes its Facility Office and (y) as a result of circumstances existing at the date the assignment, transfer or change occurs, a Credit Party would be obliged to make a payment to the New Lender or Lender acting through its new Facility Office under Sections 2.09, 2.10 or 4.04, then the New Lender or Lender acting through its new Facility Office is only entitled to receive payment under that section to the same extent as the Existing Lender or Lender acting through its previous Facility Office would have been if the assignment, transfer or change had not occurred.
This Section 13.01(b) shall not apply in respect of an assignment or transfer made in the ordinary course of the primary syndication of the Credit Agreement.
(c)       Each New Lender, by executing the relevant Transfer Certificate or Assignment Agreement, confirms, for the avoidance of doubt, that the Facility Agent has authority to execute on its behalf any amendment or waiver that has been approved by or on behalf of the requisite Lender or Lenders in accordance with this Agreement on or prior to the date on which the transfer or assignment becomes effective in accordance with this Agreement and that it is bound by that decision to the same extent as the Existing Lender would have been had it remained a Lender.
103  (d)       The Borrower and Bookrunner hereby agree to discuss and co-operate in good faith in connection with any initial syndication and transfer of the Loans.
Nothing in this Agreement shall prevent or prohibit any Lender from assigning its rights or transferring its rights and obligations hereunder to (x) Hermes and (y) KfW in support of borrowings made by such Lender from KfW pursuant to the KfW Refinancing, in each case without the consent of the Borrower and without being required to pay the non-refundable assignment fee of $3,500 referred to in Section 13.02 above.
13.04 Limitation of Responsibility to Existing Lenders.
(a) Unless expressly agreed to the contrary, an Existing Lender makes no representation or warranty and assumes no responsibility to a New Lender for: (i)       the legality, validity, effectiveness, adequacy or enforceability of the Credit Documents, the Security Documents or any other documents; (ii)      the financial condition of any Credit Party; (iii)     the performance and observance by any Credit Party of its obligations under the Credit Documents or any other documents; or (iv)     the accuracy of any statements (whether written or oral) made in or in connection with any Credit Document or any other document, and any representations or warranties implied by law are excluded.
(b)       Each New Lender confirms to the Existing Lender, the other Lender Creditors and the Secured Creditors that it (1) has made (and shall continue to make) its own independent investigation and assessment of the financial condition and affairs of each Credit Party and its related entities in connection with its participation in this Agreement and has not relied exclusively on any information provided to it by the Existing Lender or any other Lender Creditor in connection with any Credit Document or any Lien (or any other security interest) created pursuant to the Security Documents and (2) will continue to make its own independent appraisal of the creditworthiness of each Credit Party and its related entities whilst any amount is or may be outstanding under the Credit Documents or any Commitment is in force.
104  (c)       Nothing in any Credit Document obliges an Existing Lender to: (i) accept a re-transfer or re-assignment from a New Lender of any of the rights and obligations assigned or transferred under this Section 13; or (ii) support any losses directly or indirectly incurred by the New Lender by reason of the non-performance by any Credit Party of its obligations under the Credit Documents or otherwise.
13.06 Procedure and Conditions for Transfer.
(c)               On the date of the transfer: (i)            to the extent that in the Transfer Certificate the Existing Lender seeks to transfer by novation its rights and obligations under the Credit Documents to which it is a party and in respect of the Security Documents each of the Credit Parties and the Existing Lender shall be released from further obligations towards one another under the Credit Documents and in respect of the Security Documents and their respective rights against one another under the Credit Documents and in respect of the Security Documents shall be cancelled (being the “Discharged Rights and Obligations”); (ii)           each of the Credit Parties and the New Lender shall assume obligations towards one another and/or acquire rights against one another which differ from the Discharged Rights and Obligations only insofar as that Credit Party or other member of the NCLC Group and the New Lender have assumed and/or acquired the same in place of that Credit Party and the Existing Lender; (iii)          the Facility Agent, the Collateral Agent, the Hermes Agent, the New Lender and the other Lenders shall acquire the same rights and assume the same obligations between themselves and in respect of the Security Documents as they would have acquired and assumed had the New Lender been an original Lender with the rights, and/or obligations acquired or assumed by it as a result of the transfer and to that extent the Facility Agent, the Collateral Agent, the Hermes Agent and the Existing Lender shall each be released from further obligations to each other under the Credit Documents, it being understood that the indemnification provisions under this Agreement (including, without limitation, Sections 2.09, 2.10, 4.04, 14.01 and 14.05) shall survive as to such Existing Lender; and
105  (iv)         the New Lender shall become a party to this Agreement as a “Lender” 13.07 Procedure and Conditions for Assignment.
(a) Subject to Section 13.01, an assignment may be effected in accordance with Section 13.07(c) below when the Facility Agent executes an otherwise duly completed Assignment Agreement delivered to it by the Existing Lender and the New Lender.
The Facility Agent shall, subject to Section 13.07(b) below, as soon as reasonably practicable after receipt by it of a duly completed Assignment Agreement appearing on its face to comply with the terms of this Agreement and delivered in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, execute that Assignment Agreement.
(b)       The Facility Agent shall only be obliged to execute an Assignment Agreement delivered to it by the Existing Lender and the New Lender once it is satisfied it has complied with all necessary “know your customer” or similar checks under all applicable laws and regulations in relation to the assignment to such New Lender.
(c)        On the date of the assignment: (i) the Existing Lender will assign absolutely to the New Lender its rights under the Credit Documents and in respect of any Lien (or any other security interest) created pursuant to the Security Documents expressed to be the subject of the assignment in the Assignment Agreement; (ii) the Existing Lender will be released from the obligations (the “Relevant Obligations”) expressed to be the subject of the release in the Assignment Agreement (and any corresponding obligations by which it is bound in respect of any Lien (or any other security interest) created pursuant to the Security Documents), it being understood that the indemnification provisions under this Agreement (including, without limitation, Sections 2.09, 2.10, 4.04, 14.01 and 14.05) shall survive as to such Existing Lender; and (iii) the New Lender shall become a Party as a “Lender” and will be bound by obligations equivalent to the Relevant Obligations.
13.09 Security over Lenders’ Rights.
In addition to the other rights provided to Lenders under this Section 13, each Lender may without consulting with or obtaining consent from any Credit Party, at any time charge, assign or otherwise create a Lien (or any other security interest) or declare a trust in or over (whether by way of collateral or otherwise) all or any of its rights under any Credit Document to secure obligations of that Lender including, without limitation: (i)                 any charge, assignment or other Lien (or any other security interest) or trust to secure obligations to a federal reserve or central bank or the CIRR Representative; and
106  (ii)              in the case of any Lender which is a fund, any charge, assignment or other Lien (or any other security interest) granted to any holders (or trustee or representatives of holders) of obligations owed, or securities issued, by that Lender as security for those obligations or securities, except that no such charge, assignment or Lien (or any other security interest) or trust shall: (i) release a Lender from any of its obligations under the Credit Documents or substitute the beneficiary of the relevant charge, assignment or other Lien (or any other security interest) or trust for the Lender as a party to any of the Credit Documents; or (ii) require any payments to be made by a Credit Party or grant to any person any more extensive rights than those required to be made or granted to the relevant Lender under the Credit Documents.
No Credit Party may assign any of its rights or transfer by novation any of its rights, obligations or interest hereunder or under any other Credit Document without the prior written consent of the Hermes Agent, the CIRR Representative, and the Lenders.
13.11 Lender Participations.
(a) Although any Lender may grant participations in its rights hereunder, such Lender shall remain a “Lender” for all purposes hereunder (and may not transfer by novation its rights and obligations or assign its rights under all or any portion of its Commitments hereunder except as provided in Sections 2.12 and 13.01) and the participant shall not constitute a “Lender” hereunder; (b)       no Lender shall grant any participation under which the participant shall have rights to approve any amendment to or waiver of this Agreement or any other Credit Document except to the extent such amendment or waiver would (x) extend the final scheduled maturity of any Loan in which such participant is participating, or reduce the rate or extend the time of payment of interest or Commitment Commission thereon (except (m) in connection with a waiver of applicability of any post-default increase in interest rates and (n) that any amendment or modification to the financial definitions in this Agreement shall not constitute a reduction in the rate of interest for purposes of this clause (x)) or reduce the principal amount thereof, or increase the amount of the participant’s participation over the amount thereof then in effect (it being understood that a waiver of any Default or Event of Default or of a mandatory reduction in the Total Commitments shall not constitute a change in the terms of such participation, and that an increase in any Commitment or Loan shall be permitted without the consent of any participant if the participant’s participation is not increased as a result thereof), (y) consent to the assignment by the Borrower of any of its rights, or transfer by the Borrower of any of its rights and obligations, under this Agreement or (z) release all or substantially all of the Collateral under all of the Security Documents (except as expressly provided in the Credit Documents) securing the Loans hereunder in which such participant is participating.
In the case of any such participation, the participant shall not have any rights under this Agreement or any of the other Credit Documents (the participant’s rights against such Lender in respect of such participation to be those set forth in the agreement executed by such Lender in favor of the participant relating thereto) and all amounts payable by the Borrower hereunder shall be determined as if such Lender had not sold such participation; and
107  (c)       Where the Borrower notifies the Lenders that a Participant Register is required by the Borrower, each Lender that sells a participation shall, acting solely for this purpose as an agent of the Borrower, maintain a register on which it enters the name and address of each Participant and the principal amounts (and stated interest) of each participant’s interest in the Loans or other obligations under the Credit Documents (the “Participant Register”); provided that no Lender shall have any obligation to disclose all or any portion of the Participant Register (including the identity of any participant or any information relating to a participant's interest in any commitments, loans, letters of credit or its other obligations under any Credit Document) to any Person except to the extent that such disclosure is necessary to establish that such commitment, loan, letter of credit or other obligation is in registered form under Section 5f.103-1(c) of the United States Treasury Regulations.
The entries in the Participant Register shall be conclusive absent manifest error, and such Lender shall treat each person whose name is recorded in the Participant Register as the owner of such participation for all purposes of this Agreement notwithstanding any notice to the contrary.
For the avoidance of doubt, the Facility Agent (in its capacity as Facility Agent) shall have no responsibility for maintaining a Participant Register.
13.12 Increased Costs.
To the extent that a transfer of all or any portion of a Lender’s Commitments and related outstanding Credit Document Obligations pursuant to Section 2.12 or Section 13.01 would, at the time of such assignment, result in increased costs under Section 2.09, 2.10 or 4.04 from those being charged by the respective assigning Lender prior to such assignment, then the Borrower shall not be obligated to pay such increased costs (although the Borrower shall be obligated to pay any other increased costs of the type described above resulting from changes after the date of the respective assignment).
108  SECTION 14.
Miscellaneous.
The Borrower agrees that it shall:  whether or not the transactions herein contemplated are consummated, (i) pay all reasonable documented out-of-pocket costs and expenses of each of the Agents (including, without limitation, the reasonable documented fees and disbursements of Norton Rose Fulbright LLP, Bahamian counsel, Bermuda counsel, other counsel to the Facility Agent and the Lead Arrangers and local counsel) in connection with (a) the preparation, execution and delivery of this Agreement and the other Credit Documents and the documents and instruments referred to herein and therein and any amendment, waiver or consent relating hereto or thereto, and (b) any initial transfers by KfW IPEX-Bank GmbH as original Lender pursuant to Section 5.11 carried out during the period falling 6 months after the Effective Date including, without limitation, all documents requested to be executed in respect of such transfers, and all respective syndication efforts with respect to this Agreement; (ii) pay all documented out-of-pocket costs and expenses of each of the Agents and each of the Lenders in connection with the enforcement of this Agreement and the other Credit Documents and the documents and instruments referred to herein and therein (including, without limitation, the fees and disbursements of counsel (excluding in-house counsel) for each of the Agents and for each of the Lenders); (iii) pay and hold the Facility Agent and each of the Lenders harmless from and against any and all present and future stamp, documentary, transfer, sales and use, value added, excise and other similar taxes with respect to the foregoing matters, the performance of any obligation under this Agreement or any Credit Document or any payment thereunder, and save the Facility Agent and save each of the Lenders harmless from and against any and all liabilities with respect to or resulting from any delay or omission (other than to the extent attributable to the Facility Agent or such Lender) to pay such taxes; and (iv) other than in respect of a wrongful failure by any Lender to fund its Commitments as required by this Agreement, indemnify the Agents and each Lender, and each of their respective officers, directors, trustees, employees, representatives and agents from and hold each of them harmless against any and all liabilities, obligations (including removal or remedial actions), losses, damages, penalties, claims, actions, judgments, suits, costs, expenses and disbursements (including reasonable attorneys’ and consultants’ fees and disbursements) incurred by, imposed on or assessed against any of them as a result of, or arising out of, or in any way related to, or by reason of, (a) any investigation, litigation or other proceeding (whether or not any of the Agents or any Lender is a party thereto) related to the entering into and/or performance of this Agreement or any other Credit Document or the proceeds of any Loans hereunder or the consummation of any transactions contemplated herein, or in any other Credit Document or the exercise of any of their rights or remedies provided herein or in the other Credit Documents, or (b) the actual or alleged presence of Hazardous Materials on the Vessel or in the air, surface water or groundwater or on the surface or subsurface of any property at any time owned or operated by the Borrower, the generation, storage, transportation, handling, disposal or Environmental Release of Hazardous Materials at any location, whether or not owned or operated by the Borrower, the non-compliance of the Vessel or property with foreign, federal, state and local laws, regulations, and ordinances (including applicable permits thereunder) applicable to the Vessel or property, or any Environmental Claim asserted against the Borrower or the Vessel or property at any time owned or operated by the Borrower, including, without limitation, the reasonable fees and disbursements of counsel and other consultants incurred in connection with any such investigation, litigation or other proceeding (but excluding any losses, liabilities, claims, damages, penalties, actions, judgments, suits, costs, disbursements or expenses to the extent incurred by reason of the gross negligence or willful misconduct of the Person to be indemnified or by reason of a failure by the Person to be indemnified to fund its Commitments as required by this Agreement).
To the extent that the undertaking to indemnify, pay or hold harmless each of the Agents or any Lender set forth in the preceding sentence may be unenforceable because it violates any law or public policy, the Borrower shall make the maximum contribution to the payment and satisfaction of each of the indemnified liabilities which is permissible under applicable law.
Notwithstanding the above, it is agreed that costs, fees, expenses and other compensation arising in respect of the initial syndication of the Loans of the type referred to in Section 6.05 shall not include any such costs, fees and expenses and other compensation arising solely in respect of legal advice to the Lenders to explain the technical and/or structural aspects of the Hermes and CIRR issues.
In addition to any rights now or hereafter granted under applicable law or otherwise, and not by way of limitation of any such rights, upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, each Lender is hereby authorized at any time or from time to time, without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind to the Parent or any Subsidiary of the Parent or to any other Person, any such notice being hereby expressly waived, to set off and to appropriate and apply any and all deposits (general or special) and any other Indebtedness at any time held or owing by such Lender (including, without limitation, by branches and agencies of such Lender wherever located) to or for the credit or the account of the Parent or any Subsidiary of the Parent but in any event excluding assets held in trust for any such Person against and on account of the Credit Document Obligations and liabilities of the Parent or such Subsidiary of the Parent, as applicable, to such Lender under this Agreement or under any of the other Credit Documents, including, without limitation, all interests in Credit Document Obligations purchased by such Lender pursuant to Section 14.05(b), and all other claims of any nature or description arising out of or connected with this Agreement or any other Credit Document, irrespective of whether or not such Lender shall have made any demand hereunder and although said Credit Document Obligations, liabilities or claims, or any of them, shall be contingent or unmatured.
If an Agent is an Impaired Agent the parties to this Agreement may, instead of communicating with each other through such Agent, communicate with each other directly and (while such Agent is an Impaired Agent) all the provisions of the Credit Documents which require communications to be made or notices to be given to or by such Agent shall be varied so that communications may be made and notices given to or by the relevant parties to this Agreement directly.
This provision shall not operate after a replacement Agent has been appointed.
No failure or delay on the part of an Agent or any Lender in exercising any right, power or privilege hereunder or under any other Credit Document and no course of dealing between the Borrower or any other Credit Party and an Agent or any Lender shall operate as a waiver thereof; nor shall any single or partial exercise of any right, power or privilege hereunder or under any other Credit Document preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, power or privilege hereunder or thereunder.
The rights, powers and remedies herein or in any other Credit Document expressly provided are cumulative and not exclusive of any rights, powers or remedies which an Agent or any Lender would otherwise have.
No notice to or demand on any Credit Party in any case shall entitle any Credit Party to any other or further notice or demand in similar or other circumstances or constitute a waiver of the rights of an Agent or any Lender to any other or further action in any circumstances without notice or demand.
(a) Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, the Facility Agent agrees that promptly after its receipt of each payment from or on behalf of the Borrower in respect of any Credit Document Obligations hereunder, it shall distribute such payment to the Lenders (other than any Lender that has consented in writing to waive its pro rata share of any such payment) pro rata based upon their respective shares, if any, of the Credit Document Obligations with respect to which such payment was received.
(b)     Other than in connection with assignments and participations (which are governed by Section 13), each of the Lenders agrees that, if it should receive any amount hereunder (whether by voluntary payment, by realization upon security, by the exercise of the right of setoff or banker’s lien, by counterclaim or cross action, by the enforcement of any right under the Credit Documents, or otherwise), which is applicable to the payment of the principal of, or interest on, the Loans, Commitment Commission, of a sum which with respect to the related sum or sums received by other Lenders is in a greater proportion than the total of such Credit Document Obligation then owed and due to such Lender bears to the total of such Credit Document Obligation then owed and due to all of the Lenders immediately prior to such receipt, then such Lender receiving such excess payment shall purchase for cash without recourse or warranty from the other Lenders an interest in the Credit Document Obligations of the respective Credit Party to such Lenders in such amount as shall result in a proportional participation by all the Lenders in such amount; provided that if all or any portion of such excess amount is thereafter recovered from such Lender, such purchase shall be rescinded and the purchase price restored to the extent of such recovery, but without interest.
(c)     Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the provisions of the preceding Sections 14.05(a) and (b) shall be subject to the express provisions of this Agreement which require, or permit, differing payments to be made to Non-Defaulting Lenders as opposed to Defaulting Lenders.
14.06 Calculations; Computations.
(a) The financial statements to be furnished to the Lenders pursuant hereto shall be made and prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States consistently applied throughout the periods involved (except as set forth in the notes thereto or as otherwise disclosed in writing by the Parent to the Lenders).
In addition, all computations determining compliance with the financial covenants set forth in Sections 10.06 through 10.09, inclusive, shall utilize accounting principles and policies in conformity with those used to prepare the historical financial statements delivered to the Lenders for the fiscal year of the Parent ended December 31, 2013 (with the foregoing generally accepted accounting principles, subject to the preceding proviso, herein called “GAAP”).
Unless otherwise noted, all references in this Agreement to “generally accepted accounting principles” shall mean generally accepted accounting principles as in effect in the United States.
111  (b)     All computations of interest and Commitment Commission hereunder shall be made on the basis of a year of 360 days for the actual number of days (including the first day but excluding the last day) occurring in the period for which such interest or Commitment Commission are payable.
14.07 Governing Law; Exclusive Jurisdiction of English Courts; Service of Process.
(a) This Agreement and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with it are governed by English law.
(b)     The courts of England have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute arising out of or in connection with this Agreement (including a dispute relating to the existence, validity or termination of this Agreement or any non-contractual obligation arising out of or in connection with this Agreement) (a “Dispute”).
The parties hereto agree that the courts of England are the most appropriate and convenient courts to settle disputes and accordingly no party hereto will argue to the contrary.
This section 14.07 is for the benefit of the Lenders, Agents and Secured Creditors.
As a result, no such party shall be prevented from taking proceedings relating to a Dispute in any other courts with jurisdiction.
To the extent allowed by law, the Lenders, Agents and Secured Creditors may take concurrent proceedings in any number of jurisdictions.
(c)     Without prejudice to any other mode of service allowed under any relevant law, each Credit Party (other than a Credit Party incorporated in England and Wales): (i)irrevocably appoints EC3 Services Limited, having its registered office at The St Botolph Building, 138 Houndsditch, London, EC3A 7AR, as its agent for service of process in relation to any proceedings before the English courts in connection with any credit document and (ii) agrees that failure by an agent for service of process to notify the relevant Credit Party of the process will not invalidate the proceedings concerned.
If any person appointed as an agent for service of process is unable for any reason to act as agent for service of process, the Parent (on behalf of all the Credit Parties) must immediately (and in any event within five days of such event taking place) appoint another agent on terms acceptable to the facility agent.
Failing this, the Facility Agent may appoint another agent for this purpose.
Each party to this Agreement expressly agrees and consents to the provisions of this Section 14.07.
14.08 Counterparts.
This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts and by the different parties hereto on separate counterparts, each of which when so executed and delivered shall be an original, but all of which shall together constitute one and the same instrument.
112  14.09 Effectiveness.
: 107-56 (signed into law October 26, 2001)) (the “PATRIOT Act”) and (y) such other documentation and evidence necessary in order to carry out and be reasonably satisfied with other similar checks under all applicable laws and regulations pursuant to the Transaction and the Hermes Cover, in each case as requested by the Facility Agent, the Hermes Agent or any Lender in connection with each of the Facility Agent’s, the Hermes Agent’s, Hermes’ and each Lender’s internal compliance regulations.
14.10 Headings Descriptive.
The headings of the several sections and subsections of this Agreement are inserted for convenience only and shall not in any way affect the meaning or construction of any provision of this Agreement.
(c)       Subject to the further proviso to Section 14.11(a), if a Screen Rate Replacement Event has occurred in relation to the Screen Rate, any amendment or waiver that relates to (i) providing for the use of a Replacement Benchmark in relation to that currency in place of that Screen Rate and (ii)(A) aligning any provision of any Credit Document to the use of that Replacement Benchmark, (B) enabling that Replacement Benchmark to be used for the calculation of interest under this Agreement (including, without limitation, any consequential changes required to enable that Replacement Benchmark to be used for the purposes of this Agreement), (C) implementing market conventions applicable to that Replacement Benchmark, (D) providing for appropriate fallback (and market disruption) provisions for that Replacement Benchmark, or (E) adjusting the pricing to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable, any transfer of economic value from one party to another as a result of the application of that Replacement Benchmark (and if any adjustment or method for calculating any adjustment has been formally designated, nominated or recommended by the Relevant Nominating Body, the adjustment shall be determined on the basis of that designation, nomination or recommendation), may be made, having regard to the following paragraphs of this Section 14.11, with the consent of the Facility Agent (acting on the instructions of the Required Lenders) and the Borrower.
(d)       At least six months prior to the LIBOR Discontinuation Date (or, if the LIBOR Discontinuation Date is not known such that the date six months prior to its occurrence cannot be determined, such shorter period as is appropriate in the circumstances), the Facility Agent, the Lenders and the Borrower (or the Parent on the Borrower’s behalf) will enter into good faith negotiations with a view to agreeing the Replacement Benchmark, the Consequential Technical Amendments as well as any other necessary adjustments to the Credit Documents for the period following the LIBOR Discontinuation Date.
The negotiations will take into account the then current market standards and will be conducted with a view to ensuring that the interest yield under this Agreement is not impacted and will also take into account any corresponding changes required in respect of the Refinancing Agreements.
(f)       Upon the LIBOR Discontinuation Date, the Replacement Reference Rate or, as applicable, the reference rate determined pursuant to paragraph (e) above shall also replace the Eurodollar Rate accordingly.
(g)      For the purposes of this Section 14.11: “Consequential Technical Amendments” means any consequential amendment to this Agreement required or desirable to make the Replacement Reference Rate effective.
“LIBOR Discontinuation Date” means the date on which the Screen Rate Replacement Event occurs.
“Relevant Nominating Body” means any applicable central bank, regulator or other supervisory authority or a group of them, or any working group or committee sponsored or chaired by, or constituted at the request of, any of them or the Financial Stability Board.
“Replacement Benchmark” means a benchmark rate that is:
115  “Replacement Reference Rate” means the reference rate which it is agreed in accordance with the above provisions will replace the Screen Rate for the purpose of this Agreement.
“Screen Rate Replacement Event” means:
All indemnities set forth herein including, without limitation, in Sections 2.09, 2.10, 2.11, 4.04, 14.01 and 14.05 shall, subject to Section 14.13 (to the extent applicable), survive the execution, delivery and termination of this Agreement and the making and repayment of the Loans.
14.13 Domicile of Loans.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, to the extent that a transfer of Loans pursuant to this Section 14.13 would, at the time of such transfer, result in increased costs under Section 2.09, 2.10, or 4.04 from those being charged by the respective Lender prior to such transfer, then the Borrower shall not be obligated to pay such increased costs (although the Borrower shall be obligated to pay any other increased costs of the type described above resulting from changes after the date of the respective transfer).
14.14 Confidentiality.
Each Lender agrees that it will use its best efforts not to disclose without the prior consent of the Parent or the Borrower (other than to their respective Affiliates or their respective Affiliates’ employees, auditors, advisors or counsel or to another Lender if the Lender or such Lender’s holding or parent company, Affiliates or board of trustees in its sole discretion determines that any such party should have access to such information, provided such Persons shall be subject to the provisions of this Section 14.14 to the same extent as such Lender) any information with respect to the Parent or any of its Subsidiaries which is now or in the future furnished pursuant to this Agreement or any other Credit Document, provided that the Hermes Agent and the CIRR Agent may disclose any information to Hermes or the CIRR Representative, provided, further, that any Lender may disclose any such information (a) as has become generally available to the public other than by virtue of a breach of this Section 14.14 by the respective Lender, (b) as may be required in any report, statement or testimony submitted to any municipal, state or Federal regulatory body having or claiming to have jurisdiction over such Lender or similar organizations (whether in the United States, the United Kingdom or elsewhere) or their successors, (c) as may be required in respect to any summons or subpoena or in connection with any litigation, (d) in order to comply with any law, order, regulation or ruling applicable to such Lender, (e) to an Agent, (f) to any prospective or actual transferee or participant in connection with any contemplated transfer or participation of any of the Commitments or any interest therein by such Lender, provided that such prospective transferee expressly agrees to be bound by the confidentiality provisions contained in this Section 14.14, (g) to a classification society or other entity which a Lender has engaged to make calculations necessary to enable that Lender to comply with its reporting obligations under the Poseidon Principles and (h) to Hermes and/or the Federal Republic of Germany and/or the European Union and/or any agency thereof or any person acting or purporting to act on any of their behalves.
In the case of Section 14.14(h), each of the Parent and the Borrower acknowledges and agrees that any such information may be used by Hermes and/or the Federal Republic of Germany and/or the European Union and/or any agency thereof or any person acting or purporting to act on any of their behalves for statistical purposes and/or for reports of a general nature.
Failure to make any such recordation, or any error in such recordation shall not affect the Borrower’s obligations in respect of such Loans.
With respect to any Lender, the assignment or transfer of the Commitments of such Lender and the rights to the principal of, and interest on, any Loan made pursuant to such Commitments shall not be effective until such assignment or transfer is recorded on the Register maintained by the Facility Agent with respect to ownership of such Commitments and Loans.
Prior to such recordation all amounts owing to the transferor with respect to such Commitments and Loans shall remain owing to the transferor.
The registration of an assignment or transfer of all or part of any Commitments and Loans (as the case may be) shall be recorded by the Facility Agent on the Register only upon the acceptance by the Facility Agent of a properly executed and delivered Transfer Certificate or Assignment Agreement pursuant to Section 13.06(a) or 13.07(a), respectively.
117  14.16 Third Party Rights.
Other than the Other Creditors with respect to Section 4.05 and Hermes with respect to Sections 5.15 and 9.06, a person who is not a party to this Agreement has no right under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 to enforce or enjoy the benefit of any term of this Agreement unless expressly provided to the contrary in a Credit Document.
Notwithstanding any term of any Credit Document, the consent of any person who is not a party to this Agreement is not required to rescind or vary this Agreement at any time.
If for the purposes of obtaining judgment in any court it is necessary to convert a sum due from the Borrower hereunder in the currency expressed to be payable herein (the “specified currency”) into another currency, the parties hereto agree, to the fullest extent that they may effectively do so, that the rate of exchange used shall be that at which in accordance with normal banking procedures the Facility Agent could purchase the specified currency with such other currency at the Facility Agent’s Frankfurt office on the Business Day preceding that on which final judgment is given.
The obligations of the Borrower in respect of any sum due to any Lender or an Agent hereunder shall, notwithstanding any judgment in a currency other than the specified currency, be discharged only to the extent that on the Business Day following receipt by such Lender or an Agent (as the case may be) of any sum adjudged to be so due in such other currency such Lender or an Agent (as the case may be) may in accordance with normal banking procedures purchase the specified currency with such other currency; if the amount of the specified currency so purchased is less than the sum originally due to such Lender or an Agent, as the case may be, in the specified currency, the Borrower agrees, to the fullest extent that it may effectively do so, as a separate obligation and notwithstanding any such judgment, to indemnify such Lender or an Agent, as the case may be, against such loss, and if the amount of the specified currency so purchased exceeds the sum originally due to any Lender or an Agent, as the case may be, in the specified currency, such Lender or an Agent, as the case may be, agrees to remit such excess to the Borrower.
14.18 Language.
In the event of any conflict between the English translation and the original text of any document, the English translation shall prevail unless the original text is a statutory instrument, legal process or any other document of a similar type or a notice, demand or other communication from Hermes or in relation to the Hermes Cover.
The Borrower, in respect of itself, each other Credit Party, its and their process agents, and its and their properties and revenues, hereby irrevocably agrees that, to the extent that the Borrower, any other Credit Party or any of its or their properties has or may hereafter acquire any right of immunity from any legal proceedings, whether in the United Kingdom, the United States, Bermuda, the Bahamas, Germany or elsewhere, to enforce or collect upon the Credit Document Obligations of the Borrower or any other Credit Party related to or arising from the transactions contemplated by any of the Credit Documents, including, without limitation, immunity from service of process, immunity from jurisdiction or judgment of any court or tribunal, immunity from execution of a judgment, and immunity of any of its property from attachment prior to any entry of judgment, or from attachment in aid of execution upon a judgment, the Borrower, for itself and on behalf of the other Credit Parties, hereby expressly waives, to the fullest extent permissible under applicable law, any such immunity, and agrees not to assert any such right or claim in any such proceeding, whether in the United Kingdom, the United States, Bermuda, the Bahamas, Germany or elsewhere.
Each Lender hereby notifies each Credit Party that pursuant to the requirements of the PATRIOT Act and/or other applicable laws and regulations, it is required to obtain, verify, and record information that identifies each Credit Party, which information includes the name of each Credit Party and other information that will allow such Lender to identify each Credit Party in accordance with the PATRIOT Act and/or such other applicable laws and regulations, and each Credit Party agrees to provide such information from time to time to any Lender.
14.21 Release of Liens and the Parent Guaranty; Flag Jurisdiction Transfer.
(a) In the event that any Person conveys, sells, leases, assigns, transfers or otherwise disposes of all or any portion of the Collateral to a Person that is not (and is not required to become) a Credit Party in a transaction permitted by this Agreement or the Credit Documents (including pursuant to a valid waiver or consent), each Lender hereby consents to the release and hereby directs the Collateral Agent to release any Liens created by any Credit Document in respect of such Collateral, and, in the case of a disposition of all of the Equity Interests of any Credit Party (other than the Borrower) in a transaction permitted by this Agreement and as a result of which such Credit Party would not be required to guaranty the Credit Document Obligations pursuant to Sections 9.10(c) and 15, each Lender hereby consents to the release of such Credit Party’s obligations under the relevant guarantee to which it is a party.
Any representation, warranty or covenant contained in any Credit Document relating to any such Equity Interests or asset of the Borrower shall no longer be deemed to be made once such Equity Interests or asset is so conveyed, sold, leased, assigned, transferred or disposed of.
(b)       In the event that the Borrower desires to implement a Flag Jurisdiction Transfer with respect to the Vessel, upon receipt of reasonable advance notice thereof from the Borrower, the Collateral Agent shall use commercially reasonably efforts to provide, or (as necessary) procure the provision of, all such reasonable assistance as any Credit Party may request from time to time in relation to (i) the Flag Jurisdiction Transfer, (ii) the related deregistration of the Vessel from its previous flag jurisdiction, and (iii) the release and discharge of the related Security Documents provided that the relevant Credit Party shall pay all documented out of pocket costs and expenses reasonably incurred by the Collateral Agent or a Secured Creditor in connection with provision of such assistance.
Each Lender hereby consents, in connection with any Flag Jurisdiction Transfer and subject to the satisfaction of the requirements thereof to be satisfied by the relevant Credit Party, to (i) deregister the Vessel from its previous flag jurisdiction and (ii) release and hereby direct the Collateral Agent to release the Vessel Mortgage.
If, at any time, any provision of the Credit Documents is or becomes illegal, invalid or unenforceable in any respect under any law of any jurisdiction, neither the legality, validity or enforceability of the remaining provisions nor the legality, validity or enforceability of such provision under the law of any other jurisdiction will in any way be affected or impaired.
Any such illegal, invalid or unenforceable provision shall to the extent possible be substituted by a legal, valid and enforceable provision which reflects the intention of the parties to this Agreement.
SECTION 15.
Parent Guaranty and Indemnity.
The Parent irrevocably and unconditionally:  (i)              guarantees to each Lender Creditor punctual performance by each other Credit Party of all that Credit Party’s Credit Document Obligations under the Credit Documents; or (ii)             undertakes with each Lender Creditor that whenever another Credit Party does not pay any amount when due under or in connection with any Credit Document, the Guarantor shall immediately on demand pay that amount as if it was the principal obligor; and (iii)            agrees with each Lender Creditor that if any obligation guaranteed by it is or becomes unenforceable, invalid or illegal, it will, as an independent and primary obligation, indemnify that Lender Creditor immediately on demand against any cost, loss or liability it incurs as a result of a Credit Party not paying any amount which would, but for such unenforceability, invalidity or illegality, have been payable by it under any Credit Document on the date when it would have been due.
The amount payable by the Guarantor under this indemnity will not exceed the amount it would have had to pay under this Section 15 if the amount claimed had been recoverable on the basis of a guarantee.
This guarantee is a continuing guarantee and will extend to the ultimate balance of sums payable by any Credit Party under the Credit Documents, regardless of any intermediate payment or discharge in whole or in part.
If any discharge, release or arrangement (whether in respect of the obligations of any Credit Party or any security for those obligations or otherwise) is made by a Lender Creditor in whole or in part on the basis of any payment, security or other disposition which is avoided or must be restored in insolvency, liquidation, administration or otherwise, without limitation, then the liability of the Guarantor under this Section 15 will continue or be reinstated as if the discharge, release or arrangement had not occurred.
The obligations of the Guarantor under this Section 15 will not be affected by an act, omission, matter or thing which, but for this Section 15, would reduce, release or prejudice any of its obligations under this Section 15 (without limitation and whether or not known to it or any Lender Creditor) including: (i)              any time, waiver or consent granted to, or composition with, any Credit Party or other person; (ii)             the release of any other Credit Party or any other person under the terms of any composition or arrangement with any creditor of any member of the NCLC Group; (iii)            the taking, variation, compromise, exchange, renewal or release of, or refusal or neglect to perfect, take up or enforce, any rights against, or security over assets of, any Credit Party or other person or any non-presentation or non-observance of any formality or other requirement in respect of any instrument or any failure to realize the full value of any security; (iv)            any incapacity or lack of power, authority or legal personality of or dissolution or change in the members or status of a Credit Party or any other person; (v)             any amendment, novation, supplement, extension restatement (however fundamental and whether or not more onerous) or replacement of a Credit Document or any other document or security including, without limitation, any change in the purpose of, any extension of or increase in any facility or the addition of any new facility under any Credit Document or other document or security; (vi)            any unenforceability, illegality or invalidity of any obligation of any person under any Credit Document or any other document or security; or (vii)           any insolvency or similar proceedings.
Without prejudice to the generality of Section 15.04, the Guarantor expressly confirms that it intends that this guarantee shall extend from time to time to any (however fundamental) variation, increase, extension or addition of or to any of the Credit Documents and/or any facility or amount made available under any of the Credit Documents for the purposes of or in connection with any of the following: business acquisitions of any nature; increasing working capital; enabling investor distributions to be made; carrying out restructurings; refinancing existing facilities; refinancing any other indebtedness; making facilities available to new borrowers; any other variation or extension of the purposes for which any such facility or amount might be made available from time to time; and any fees, costs and/or expenses associated with any of the foregoing.
The Guarantor waives any right it may have of first requiring any Credit Party (or any trustee or agent on its behalf) to proceed against or enforce any other rights or security or claim payment from any person before claiming from the Guarantor under this Section 15.
This waiver applies irrespective of any law or any provision of a Credit Document to the contrary.
15.07 Appropriations.
Until all amounts which may be or become payable by the Credit Parties under or in connection with the Credit Documents have been irrevocably paid in full, each Lender Creditor (or any trustee or agent on its behalf) may: (i)     refrain from applying or enforcing any other moneys, security or rights held or received by that Lender Creditor (or any trustee or agent on its behalf) in respect of those amounts, or apply and enforce the same in such manner and order as it sees fit (whether against those amounts or otherwise) and the Guarantor shall not be entitled to the benefit of the same; and (ii)     hold in an interest-bearing suspense account any moneys received from the Guarantor or on account of the Guarantor’s liability under this Section 15.
15.08 Deferral of Guarantor’s Rights.
Until all amounts which may be or become payable by the Credit Parties under or in connection with the Credit Documents have been irrevocably paid in full and unless the Facility Agent otherwise directs, the Guarantor will not exercise any rights which it may have by reason of performance by it of its obligations under the Credit Documents or by reason of any amount being payable, or liability arising, under this Section 15: (i)              to be indemnified by a Credit Party; (ii)             to claim any contribution from any other guarantor of any Credit Party’s obligations under the Credit Documents; (iii)            to take the benefit (in whole or in part and whether by way of subrogation or otherwise) of any rights of the Lender Creditors under the Credit Documents or of any other guarantee or security taken pursuant to, or in connection with, the Credit Documents by any Lender Creditor; (iv)            to bring legal or other proceedings for an order requiring any Credit Party to make any payment, or perform any obligation, in respect of which the Guarantor has given a guarantee, undertaking or indemnity under Section 15.01; (v)             to exercise any right of set-off against any Credit Party; and/or (vi)            to claim or prove as a creditor of any Credit Party in competition with any Lender Creditor.
If the Guarantor receives any benefit, payment or distribution in relation to such rights it shall hold that benefit, payment or distribution to the extent necessary to enable all amounts which may be or become payable to the Lender Creditors by the Credit Parties under or in connection with the Credit Documents to be repaid in full on trust for the Lender Creditors and shall promptly pay or transfer the same to the Facility Agent or as the Facility Agent may direct for application in accordance with Section 4.
This guarantee is in addition to and is not in any way prejudiced by any other guarantee or security now or subsequently held by any Credit Party.
SECTION 16.
Bail-In.
SECTION 17.
Notwithstanding any other term of any Credit Document or any other agreement, arrangement or understanding between the parties to a Credit Document, each party to this Agreement acknowledges and accepts that any liability of any party to a Credit Document under or in connection with the Credit Documents may be subject to Bail-In Action by the relevant Resolution Authority and acknowledges and accepts to be bound by the effect of: (a)       any Bail-In Action in relation to any such liability, including (without limitation): (i)       a reduction, in full or in part, in the principal amount, or outstanding amount due (including any accrued but unpaid interest) in respect of any such liability; (ii)       a conversion of all, or part of, any such liability into shares or other instruments of ownership that may be issued to, or conferred on, it; and (iii)       a cancellation of any such liability; and (b)       a variation of any term of any Credit Document to the extent necessary to give effect to any Bail-In Action in relation to any such liability.
*     *     *
