1.Employment Period.
Subject to Section 3(a), the Executive’s employment hereunder shall be for a term (the “Employment Period”) commencing on the Effective Date and ending on the Date of Termination (as defined below) of the Executive’s employment pursuant to Section 3 below.
2.Terms of Employment.
(i)During the Employment Period, the Executive shall serve as Chief Executive Officer and President of the Company and shall perform such duties as are assigned by the Company’s Board of Directors (the “Board”) and are usual and customary for such positions.
In addition, in the event the Executive’s service in one or more of such additional capacities is terminated, the Executive’s compensation, as specified in Section 2(b) of this Agreement, shall not be diminished or reduced in any manner as a result of such termination for so long as the Executive otherwise remains employed under the terms of this Agreement.
(iii)Compliance.
(v)Board Position.
2
(vii)Automobile Allowance.
(viii)Club Dues.
3.Termination of Employment.
(a)At-Will Employment.
3
employment with the Company during the Employment Period may be terminated by either party at any time, with or without Cause, and for any or no reason, with or without notice.
If the Executive’s employment during the Employment Period terminates for any reason, the Executive shall not be entitled to any payments, benefits, damages, awards or compensation other than as expressly provided in this Agreement.
(b)Death or Disability.
The Executive’s employment shall terminate automatically upon the Executive’s death or Disability during the Employment Period.
(c)Cause.
The Company may terminate the Executive’s employment during the Employment Period for Cause or without Cause.
(i)the Executive’s willful and continued failure substantially to perform his duties with the Company (other than any such failure resulting from the Executive’s incapacity due to physical or mental illness), after a written demand for substantial performance is delivered to the Executive by the Board, which demand specifically identifies the manner in which the Board believes that the Executive has not substantially performed his duties;
(ii)the Executive’s willful or gross misconduct resulting in economic, reputational or financial damage to the Company or any subsidiary or affiliate;
(iii)the Executive’s gross negligence, insubordination or material violation of any fiduciary duty to the Company;
(iv)the Executive’s conviction of, or entry by the Executive of a guilty or no contest plea to, a felony or misdemeanor or a crime involving moral turpitude; or
(v)the Executive’s willful and material breach of any provision of this Agreement, including, without limitation, the Executive’s covenants set forth in Section 5 hereof.
The cessation of employment of the Executive shall not be deemed to be for Cause
4
(d)Good Reason.
The Executive’s employment may be terminated by the Executive for Good Reason or by the Executive without Good Reason.
(i)a material diminution in the Executive’s base compensation;
(ii)a material diminution in the Executive’s authority, duties or responsibilities, including a requirement that the Executive report to a corporate officer or employee instead of reporting directly to the Board;
(iii)a material change in the geographic location at which the Executive must perform his duties; or
(iv)any other action or inaction that constitutes a material breach by the Company of its obligations to the Executive under this Agreement.
The Executive’s resignation from employment with the Company for Good Reason must occur within six (6) months following the initial existence of the event or condition constituting Good Reason.
(e)Notice of Termination.
Any termination by the Company, or by the Executive, shall be communicated by Notice of Termination to the other party hereto given in accordance with Section 10(c) of this Agreement.
For purposes of this Agreement, a “Notice of Termination” means a written notice which (i) indicates the specific termination provision in this Agreement relied upon, (ii) to the extent applicable, sets forth in reasonable detail the facts and circumstances claimed to provide a basis for termination of the Executive’s employment under the provision so indicated and (iii) if the Date of Termination (as defined below) is other than the date of receipt of such notice, specifies the termination date (which date shall be not more than sixty (60) days after the giving of such notice).
The failure by the Executive or the
5
(f)Date of Termination.
“Date of Termination” means (i) if the Executive’s employment is terminated by the Company without Cause or by reason of the Executive’s Disability, or by the Executive for Good Reason, the date specified in the Notice of Termination (which date shall not be prior to the expiration of the applicable correction period and shall not be more than sixty (60) days after the giving of such notice), as the case may be, (ii) if the Executive’s employment is terminated by the Company for Cause, the Date of Termination shall be the date on which the Company notifies the Executive of such termination (or such other date specified by the Company, which date shall not be more than sixty (60) days after the giving of such notice), (iii) if the Executive’s employment is terminated by the Executive without Good Reason, the Date of Termination shall be the thirtieth (30th) day after the date on which the Executive notifies the Company of such termination, unless otherwise agreed by the Company and the Executive, and (iv) if the Executive’s employment is terminated by reason of death or Disability, the Date of Termination shall be the date of death of the Executive.
4.Obligations of the Company upon Termination.
(a)Without Cause or For Good Reason.
If, during the Employment Period, the Company shall terminate the Executive’s employment without Cause or the Executive shall terminate his employment for Good Reason:
(ii)For the period beginning on the Date of Termination and ending on the date which is twelve (12) full months following the Date of Termination (or, if earlier, the date on which the Executive accepts employment with another employer that provides comparable benefits in terms of cost and scope of coverage or the date on which the applicable continuation period under the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985, as amended (“COBRA”) expires), the Company shall provide the Executive and his eligible dependents who were covered under the Company’s health plans as of the date of the Executive’s termination with healthcare benefits which are substantially the same as the benefits provided to currently active employees at such cost to the Executive; provided, however, that (A) if any plan pursuant to which such benefits are provided is not, or ceases prior to the expiration
6
(iii)To the extent not theretofore paid or provided, the Company shall timely pay or provide to the Executive any vested benefits and other amounts or benefits required to be paid or provided or which the Executive is eligible to receive under any plan, program, policy or practice or contract or agreement of the Company (such other amounts and benefits shall be hereinafter referred to as the “Other Benefits”); and
(iv)Effective as of the Date of Termination, but subject to the occurrence of the Release Effective Date, 100% of any outstanding unvested stock options, restricted stock and other equity awards granted to the Executive under any of the Company’s equity incentive plans other than performance-based vesting awards shall become immediately vested and exercisable in full.
The Executive shall have fifty (50) days following the Date of Termination to execute such Release.
(b)For Cause or Without Good Reason.
If the Executive’s employment shall be terminated by the Company for Cause or by the Executive without Good Reason during the Employment Period, the Company shall have no further obligations to the Executive under this Agreement other than the obligation to pay to the Executive the Accrued Obligations in cash on the Date of Termination and to provide the Other Benefits.
(c)Death or Disability.
If the Executive dies or if the Executive’s employment is terminated by reason of the Executive’s Disability during the Employment Period, the Executive (or the Executive’s estate or beneficiaries in the case of the death of the Executive) shall have no right to receive any compensation or benefit hereunder on and after the Date of Termination other than payment of the Accrued Obligations in cash on the Date of Termination and the provision of the Other Benefits.
7
(d)Exclusive Remedy.
Except as otherwise expressly required by law or as specifically provided herein, all of the Executive’s rights to salary, severance, benefits, bonuses and other amounts hereunder (if any) accruing after the termination of the Executive’s employment shall cease upon such termination.
In the event of a termination of the Executive’s employment with the Company, the Executive’s sole remedy shall be to receive the payments and benefits described in this Section 4.
(e)No Mitigation.
(e)Survival.
This Section 5 shall survive any termination of the Employment Period and any expiration or termination of this Agreement.
9
6.Insurance.
7.Successors.
10
This Section 9 shall continue in effect after the termination of the Executive’s employment or the termination of this Agreement.
(a)Governing Law.
(b)Arbitration.
11
If to the Company:
12
(d)Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.
(e)Severability.
(f)Withholding.
(g)No Waiver.
(h)Survival.
Provisions of this Agreement shall survive any termination of the Employment Period if so provided herein or if necessary or desirable to fully accomplish the purposes of such provision, including, without limitation, the Executive’s obligations under Section 5 hereof.
The Executive recognizes that, except as expressly provided in Section 4, no compensation is earned after termination of the Employment Period.
(i)Entire Agreement.
(k)Right to Advice of Counsel.
13
(l)Section 409A of the Code.
(iii)Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, to the extent any payments to the Executive pursuant to Sections 4(a)(i)(B), 4(a)(ii) and 4(a)(iv) are treated as “nonqualified deferred compensation” subject to Section 409A, then (A) no amount shall be payable pursuant to such section unless the Executive’s termination of employment constitutes a “separation from service” with the Company (as such term is defined in Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(h) and any successor provision thereto) (a “Separation from Service”), and (B) if the Executive, at the time of his Separation from Service, is determined by the Company to be a “specified employee” for purposes of Section 409A(a)(2)(B)(i) of the Code and the Company determines that delayed commencement of any portion of the termination benefits payable to the Executive pursuant to this Agreement is required in order to avoid a prohibited distribution under Section 409A(a)(2)(B)(i) of the Code (any such delayed commencement, a “Payment Delay”), then such portion of the Executive’s termination benefits described in Sections 4(a)(i)(B), 4(a)(ii) and 4(a)(iv) shall not be provided to the Executive prior to the earlier of (A) the expiration of the six-month period measured from the date of the Executive’s Separation from Service, (B) the date of the Executive’s death or (C) such earlier date as is permitted under Section 409A.
Upon the expiration of the applicable Code Section 409A(a)(2)(B)(i) deferral period, all payments deferred pursuant to a Payment Delay shall be paid in a lump sum to the Executive within ten (10) days following such expiration, and any remaining payments due under the Agreement shall be paid as otherwise provided herein.
(m)Third‑Party Beneficiaries.
15
/s/ Shirley Bullard
Date:
October 18, 2017
EXECUTIVE
Date: October 18, 2017
(A) HE HAS THE RIGHT TO CONSULT WITH AN ATTORNEY BEFORE SIGNING THIS RELEASE;
(B) HE HAS [TWENTY-ONE (21)][FORTY-FIVE (45)] DAYS TO CONSIDER THIS RELEASE BEFORE SIGNING IT; AND
(C) HE HAS SEVEN (7) DAYS AFTER SIGNING THIS RELEASE TO REVOKE THIS RELEASE, AND THIS RELEASE WILL BECOME EFFECTIVE UPON THE EXPIRATION OF THAT REVOCATION PERIOD.
