Exhibit 10.2
(ii)Location.
(iv)Exclusive Services.
For purposes of this Agreement, “Cause” shall mean the occurrence of any one or more of the following events unless the Executive fully corrects the circumstances constituting Cause within thirty (30) days following the date written notice is delivered to the Executive which specifically identifies the circumstances constituting Cause (provided such circumstances are capable of correction):
unless and until there shall have been delivered to the Executive a copy of a resolution duly adopted by the affirmative vote of a majority of the Board at a meeting of the Board called and held for such purpose (after reasonable notice is provided to the Executive and the Executive is given an opportunity, together with counsel for the Executive, to be heard before the Board), finding that, in the good faith opinion of the Board, the Executive is guilty of any of the conduct described in Section 3(c), and specifying the particulars thereof in detail; provided, that if the Executive is a member of the Board, the Executive shall not vote on such resolution nor shall the Executive be counted in determining the “entire membership” of the Company’s Board of Directors.
For purposes of this Agreement, “Good Reason” shall mean the occurrence of any one or more of the following events without the Executive’s prior written consent, unless the Company fully corrects the circumstances constituting Good Reason within thirty (30) days following the date written notice is delivered to the Board by the Executive which specifically identifies the circumstances constituting Good Reason (provided such circumstances are capable of correction):
Notwithstanding the foregoing, it shall be a condition to the Executive’s right to receive the amounts provided for in Sections 4(a)(i)(B), 4(a)(ii) and 4(a)(iv) above that the Executive execute, deliver to the Company and not revoke a release of claims in substantially the form attached hereto as Exhibit A (the “Release”).
8
(c)Company Property.
(d)Injunctive Relief.
(c)Notices.
All notices and other communications hereunder shall be in writing and shall be given by hand delivery to the other party or by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, addressed as follows:
If to the Executive: at the Executive’s most recent address on the records of the Company
1282 Pacific Oaks Place
Escondido, California 92029-2900
Attention:  General Counsel
Notice and communications shall be effective when actually received by the addressee.
(j)Counterparts.
14
By:
/s/ Jack K. Heilbron
Exhibit A
GENERAL RELEASE
Exhibit A
Exhibit A
Exhibit A
