A.
B.
- 2 -
(b) Validity; Enforcement.
- 3 -
(e) Accredited Investor Status.
- 4 -
(j) Transfer or Resale.
(k) Legends.
(m) Certain Trading Activities.
(n) No Other Agreements.
(iii) If a Potential Delay occurs and the Designated Preferred is issued at the Closing, upon filing of the Designated Preferred Certificate of Designation, the authorized - 8 -
- 9 -
(d) Authorization; Enforcement; Validity.
- 11 -
(j) Absence of Certain Changes or Events.
- 13 -
(n) Listing Compliance.
The Company has taken no action designed to, or that would reasonably be expected to have the effect of, terminating the registration of the Common Stock under the 1934 Act or the listing of the Common Stock on Nasdaq.
(o) Sarbanes-Oxley; Disclosure and Internal Controls.
The Company - 15 -
(p) Integration; Other Issuances of Securities.
(iv) Each of the Employee Benefit Plans disclosed on Schedule 3(s)(iv) has been terminated by the Company and neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has any further material obligations or Liabilities thereunder.
(t) Compliance.
(u) Transactions with Affiliates.
(v) Investment Company.
(z) Approvals; Voting Requirements; DGCL 203.
(i) The Board has, at a meeting duly called and held, by a unanimous vote (with Bruce Taylor, Jeffrey Taylor, Mark Hoppe and M. Hill Hammock abstaining and not participating in such vote), (A) declared that the Transactions, the Restated Charter and the Designated Preferred Certificate of Designation are advisable and in the best interests of the Company, (B) adopted the Transaction Documents, and (C) approved and resolved to recommend that the Company’s stockholders vote in favor of each of the Proposals (as defined below).
- 19 -
4.
(b) Proxy Material.
- 20 -
(ii) If, at any time prior to the Stockholders Meeting, any information relating to the Company or Buyers or any of their respective Affiliates should be discovered by the Company or Buyers which should be set forth in an amendment or supplement to the Proxy Statement so that the Proxy Statement shall not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they are made, not misleading, the party that discovers such information shall promptly notify the other parties and, to the extent required by applicable law, the Company shall disseminate an appropriate amendment thereof or supplement thereto describing such information to the Company’s stockholders.
(c) Potential Delay.
For purposes of this Section 4(c), a “Potential Delay” shall be deemed to have occurred if: (i) (x) the Proxy Statement has not first been mailed to the Company’s stockholders on or before September 9, 2008, other than due to the Company’s failure to fulfill any of its obligations under this Agreement in a timely manner, and (y) each of the Company and a Majority of Holders otherwise agree (which agreement shall not unreasonably be withheld) on or after September 10, 2008 that the Stockholders Meeting is not reasonably expected to occur on or before September 29, 2008, other than due to the Company’s failure to fulfill any of its obligations under this Agreement in a timely manner, or (ii) the Company and the Majority of Holders otherwise mutually agree.
(e) Listing.
- 22 -
(g) Reservation of Shares.
(h) Conduct of Business.
- 24 -
(j) Reasonable Best Efforts; Cooperation.
(l) Certain Actions.
(m) Director Designees.
- 26 -
(n) Takeover Laws.
(o) Use of Proceeds.
(p) Noncircumvention.
(r) Management Services Agreement.
- 27 -
(t) Certain Equity Award Recommendations.
Such right shall continue until the earlier of (i) such time as 300,000 shares of Common Stock have been granted in accordance with recommendations pursuant to this Section 4(t), and (ii) the date on which neither (x) 800,000 shares of Preferred Shares are issued and outstanding (subject to anti-dilution adjustment for stock splits, stock dividends and the like) (or, until the Preferred Shares are issued hereunder upon mandatory exchange of the Designated Preferred, 800,000 shares of Designated Preferred are issued and outstanding (subject to anti-dilution adjustment for stock splits, stock dividends and the like), nor (y) the outstanding Preferred Shares represent 10% or more of the total combined voting power of all outstanding shares of all classes of capital stock which are then entitled to vote in matters (other than the election of directors) presented to a vote of the Company’s stockholders generally.
(u) Bylaw Amendment.
(v) Certain Actions.
(w) Voting Agreement.
- 28 -
5.
(a) Conditions to the Obligations of Each Party.
The respective obligations of each party to this Agreement is subject to the satisfaction or waiver on or prior to the Closing Date with respect to the Preferred Shares (or in the event of a Potential Delay, the Designated Preferred) of each of the following conditions:(i) Stockholder Approval.
- 29 -
(b) Conditions to Obligations of the Company.
(iii) Each Buyer shall have performed, satisfied and complied in all material respects with the covenants, agreements and conditions required by this Agreement to be performed, satisfied or complied with by such Buyer at or prior to the Closing Date.
- 30 -
(iii) The Company shall have performed, satisfied and complied in all material respects each of its respective covenants and agreements contained in this Agreement and required to be performed, satisfied or complied at or prior to the Closing.
(iv) (A) Each of the representations and warranties of the Company contained in Sections 3(a), (b), (c), (d), (e) and (z) of this Agreement shall be true and correct in all material respects (except that each of such representations and warranties that is qualified as to materiality shall be true and correct in all respects) on and as of the Closing Date as if made on and as of such date, other than representations and warranties which address matters only as of a certain date, which shall be true and correct as of such certain date and (B) the other representations and warranties of the Company shall be true and correct on and as of the Closing Date as if made on and as of such date, other than representations and warranties which address matters only as of a certain date, which shall be true and correct as of such certain date, except for such failures to be true and correct as individually or in the aggregate, did not, and would not reasonably be expected to result in, a Material Adverse Effect.
(v) Harrison I. Steans and Jennifer W. Steans shall have been duly appointed to the Board with a term commencing immediately following the Closing and ending at the next Annual Meeting of Stockholders, the Company shall have executed and delivered an indemnification agreement with each of them substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit H, and the size of the Board, after the appointment of Harrison I. Steans and Jennifer W. Steans, shall be not larger than thirteen (13) directors.
- 31 -
(x) The proposed Subdebt and Warrant Transaction shall either (a) be consummated concurrently with the Closing on the Closing Date or (b) the Company shall have received non-binding commitments or indications of interest with respect to not less than $30 million with respect to such proposed Subdebt and Warrant Transaction.
(a) Termination by Mutual Consent.
This Agreement may be terminated at any time prior to the Closing, by mutual written consent of the Company and a Majority of Holders.
(b) Termination by Either Company or Buyers.
This Agreement may be terminated by either the Company or a Majority of Holders at any time prior to Closing: (i) if the Closing has not occurred on or before November 15, 2008 (the “Outside Date”); provided, however, that the right to terminate this Agreement under this clause will not be available to any party to this Agreement whose failure to fulfill any of its obligations under this Agreement has been a principal cause of, or resulted in, the failure of the Closing to have occurred by such date; and provided, further, that if the Closing has not occurred by the Outside Date solely due to the fact that the parties have not received all Bank Regulatory Approvals or the Stockholder Approval by such date, the Outside Date shall be automatically extended to December 31, 2008; or (ii) the Stockholder Approval is not obtained at the Stockholders Meeting.
(c) Conditions to Performance Not Met.
Subject to the provisions of Section 7(b) hereof, this Agreement may be terminated:(i) by the Company upon written notice in the event of a material breach of any covenant or agreement to be performed or complied with by the Buyers pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, which breach would result in a condition to Closing set forth in Section 6(b) hereof becoming incapable of fulfillment or cure (which condition has not been waived by the Company in writing) prior to the Outside Date; or(ii) by a Majority of Holders upon written notice in the event of a material breach of any covenant or agreement to be performed or complied with by the Company pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, which breach would result in a condition to Closing set forth in Section 6(c) hereof becoming incapable of fulfillment or cure (which condition has not been waived by a Majority of Holders in writing) prior to the Outside Date.
- 32 -
(d) Effect of Termination.
In the event that this Agreement shall be terminated pursuant to this Section 7, all further obligations of the parties under this Agreement shall terminate without further liability of any party to another.
A termination under this Section 7 shall not relieve any party of any liability for a breach of, or for any misrepresentation under this Agreement, or be deemed to constitute a waiver of any available remedy (including specific performance if available) for any such breach or misrepresentation.
In the event that (1) this Agreement is terminated by either the Company or a Majority of Holders pursuant to Section 7(b) because the parties have not received all Bank Regulatory Approvals (unless the failure to receive any such Bank Regulatory Approval was due to the failure of any Bank Regulatory Authority to approve Harrison I. Steans or Jennifer W. Steans to effect the transactions contemplated hereby) or the Stockholder Approval by the Outside Date or pursuant to Section 7(b)(ii), or (2) there is a Closing with respect to Designated Preferred hereunder and the Company has not obtained the Stockholder Approval, filed the Restated Charter including the Series A Preferred with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware, and all Designated Preferred has not been exchanged for Preferred Shares on or before December 31, 2008, then the Company shall pay to FIC (i) $1.5 million (the “Company Fee”), and (ii) an amount equal to all of the reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred by or on behalf of FIC and its Affiliates as of the date of termination in connection with the negotiation and documentation of the Transactions, including reasonable fees and disbursements of counsel.
(f) Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, in the event that a Closing with respect to Designated Preferred is consummated hereunder prior to obtaining Stockholder Approval, no party hereto shall have the right to terminate this Agreement for any reason.
- 33 -
8.
(a) Action by Requisite Vote of Holders.
(b) Survival.
(c) Governing Law; Jurisdiction; Jury Trial.
(d) Severability.
(e) Entire Agreement; Amendments.
Except as provided - 36 -
- 37 -
(i) No Third Party Beneficiaries.
- 38 -
(l) Specific Performance.
(n) Independent Nature of Buyers’ Obligations and Rights.
- 39 -
(o) Construction; Interpretation; Certain Terms.
(p) Counterparts; Effectiveness.
[Signature Page Follows] - 40 -
/s/ Bruce W. Taylor[Signature Page to Securities Purchase Agreement - Taylor Capital]
  (1)  BuyerLinda Weber and Richard Weber,    as Joint Tenants with Right of SurvivorshipNicholas SayersMaria Tabrizi or her successors in trust,    as trustee of the Maria Tabrizi 2006 Declaration of Trust dated 11/22/06Nancy Karasek
conditions in the regions in which the Company and/or its Subsidiaries operate or conduct business or in the markets in which the Company and/or its Subsidiaries conduct lending operations, including the commercial and residential real estate lending markets in the Chicago area (except in each such case for any changes which disproportionately affect the business, financial condition, results of operations, assets, or Liabilities of the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, as compared to other industry participants), (E) any changes in the market price or trading volume of the Company’s securities (but not any effect, event, development or change underlying such decrease to the extent that such effect, event, development or change otherwise would constitute a Material Adverse Effect), (F) the announcement or disclosure of the sale of the Securities or other transactions contemplated by this Agreement, (G) any action taken by the Company that is expressly required by the terms of this Agreement, (H) the failure of the Bank to remain “well capitalized” under applicable capital guidelines for banks as of September 30, 2008 prior to giving effect to the sale of Series A Preferred or Designated Preferred, as applicable; provided, however that this exception (H) shall not apply in the event that (i) the Company or the Bank has publicly disclosed that it is not “well-capitalized” prior to the Closing Date or (ii) the Bank would not be “well capitalized” after giving effect to such Transaction and the application of the net proceeds therefrom in accordance with Section 4(o) of this Agreement, or (I) the failure of the Company to remain “well capitalized” under applicable capital guidelines for bank holding companies as of September 30, 2008 prior to giving effect to the sale of Series A Preferred or Designated Preferred, as applicable; provided, however that this exception (I) shall not apply in the event that (i) the Company or the Bank has publicly disclosed that it is not “well-capitalized” prior to the Closing Date, or (ii) the Company would not be “well capitalized” after giving effect to such Transaction and the application of the net proceeds therefrom in accordance with Section 4(o) of this Agreement in the case of a Closing with respect to the Series A Preferred or the Company would not be “adequately capitalized” after giving effect to such Transaction and the application of the net proceeds therefrom in accordance with Section 4(o) of this Agreement in the case of a Closing with respect to the Designated Preferred.“Miscellaneous Permits” means all licenses, permits, certificates, franchises, ordinances, registrations, qualifications, and other rights, privileges, applications or authorizations filed with, granted or issued by any Governmental Authority other than Regulatory Permits.“Nasdaq” has the meaning set forth in Section 3(n).“Organizational Documents” means, as to any Person (other than an individual), the articles or certificate of incorporation, bylaws, certificate of limited partnership, partnership agreement, certificate of formation, limited liability company operating agreement, and all other organizational documents of such Person, its certificate or articles of incorporation, by-laws and other organizational documents.“Other Filings” has the meaning set forth in Section 4(b)(iii).“Outside Date” has the meaning set forth in Section 7(b).“Person” means any individual, Business Entity, unincorporated association or Governmental Authority.“Potential Delay” has the meaning set forth in Section 4(c).“Preferred Shares” has the meaning set forth in the recitals.
2.
(ii) the first date after a Dividend Conversion Date has occurred on which the outstanding shares of Series A Preferred represent less than 10% of the Total Voting Power of Company.“Market Disruption Event” means any of the following events that has occurred:(i) any suspension of, or limitation imposed on, trading by any exchange or quotation system on which the Closing Price is determined pursuant to the definition of the Trading Day (a “Relevant Exchange”) during the one-hour period prior to the close of trading for the regular trading session on the Relevant Exchange (or for purposes of determining the VWAP per share of Common Stock any period or periods aggregating one hour or longer during the regular trading session on the relevant day) and whether by reason of movements in price exceeding limits permitted by the Relevant Exchange, or otherwise relating to the Common Stock or in futures or options contracts relating to the Common Stock on the Relevant Exchange;(ii) any event (other than an event described in clause (iii)) that disrupts or impairs (as determined by the corporation in its reasonable discretion) the ability of market participants during the one-hour period prior to the close of trading for the regular trading session on the Relevant Exchange (or for purposes of determining the VWAP per share of Common Stock any period or periods aggregating one hour or longer during the regular trading session on the relevant day) in general to effect transactions in, or obtain market values for, the Common Stock on the Relevant Exchange or to effect transactions in, or obtain market values for, futures or options contracts relating to the Common Stock on the Relevant Exchange; or(iii) the failure to open of the Relevant Exchange on which futures or options contracts relating to the Common Stock are traded or the closure of such exchange prior to its respective scheduled closing time for the regular trading session on such day (without regard to after hours or any other trading outside of the regular trading session hours) unless such earlier closing time is announced by such exchange at least one hour prior to the earlier of the actual closing time for the regular trading session on such day and the submission deadline for orders to be entered into such exchange for execution at the actual closing time on such day.“Notice of Conversion at the Option of the Corporation” has the meaning set forth in paragraph C(9)(c) of this Article FOURTH.“Officer” means each of the Chief Executive Officer, the Chairman, the Chief Administrative Officer, any Vice Chairman, the Chief Financial Officer, the Controller, the Chief Accounting Officer, the Treasurer, the General Counsel and Corporate Secretary and any Assistant Secretary of the corporation.“Officers’ Certificate” means a certificate signed (i) by the Chief Executive Officer, the Chairman, the Chief Administrative Officer, any Vice Chairman, the Chief Financial Officer, the Controller or the Chief Accounting Officer of the corporation, and (ii) by the Treasurer, the General Counsel and Corporate Secretary or any Assistant Secretary of the corporation, and delivered to the Conversion Agent.
4.
(b) Limitation on Accrual of Dividends.
(e) Conversion Following A Record Date.
(a) Liquidation.
(a) Liquidation Event.
In case at any time or from time to time:(i) the corporation shall declare a dividend (or any other distribution) on its shares of Common Stock; or
(a) General.
(a) Conversion Date.
(d) Conversion Procedure.
which a Holder satisfies all of the requirements of this paragraph C(8)(d) of this Article FOURTH.
(a) Corporation Conversion Right.
(b) Partial Conversion.
(c) Conversion Procedure.
The Conversion Date shall be a date selected by the corporation (the “Conversion at the Option of the Corporation Date”) and shall be no more than 20 days after the date on which the corporation provides such Notice of Conversion at the Option of the Corporation.
(a) General.
(a) General.
Consents.
(c) If any of the Holders fail to exercise its right under this paragraph C(13) of this Article FOURTH to purchase its pro-rata share of the New Securities within 25 calendar days following the date of the first notice contemplated by paragraph C(13)(b) of this Article FOURTH, the corporation shall have until the 90th day following such date to enter into a letter of intent or definitive agreement and a period of 90 days thereafter to sell any of the New Securities in respect of which such Investor’s rights were not exercised, at a price and upon terms and conditions no more favorable to the purchasers thereof than specified in the corporation’s notice to the Holders pursuant to paragraph C(13)(b) of this Article FOURTH.
(a) Sufficient Shares.
(d) Compliance with Law.
(e) Listing.
The corporation may, in its sole discretion, remove the Transfer Agent in accordance with the agreement between the corporation and the Transfer Agent; provided that the corporation shall appoint a successor transfer agent that shall accept such appointment prior to the effectiveness of such removal.
(b) Withholding.
2.
Upon the conclusion of the Term of Service of Jennifer W. Steans, the resulting vacancy in such seat on the Executive Committee, and any subsequent vacancies in such seat of the Executive Committee, shall be filled by one of the then-serving directors nominated by FIC within 30 days thereafter by written notice signed by the then-serving directors nominated by FIC to the Corporate Secretary at the principal executive offices of the corporation; provided, however, that in the event such then-serving directors nominated by FIC do not designate such successor within 30 days or there are no then-serving directors nominated by FIC, then the successor FIC Designee shall, within 30 days after the end of such first 30-day period, be filled by the then-serving director who was issued (directly or to an Affiliate of such person) by the Company, in its initial issuance of the Series A Preferred, the greatest number of shares of Series A Preferred (or if such person is unwilling to serve as the FIC Designee, the then-serving director who was issued (directly or to an Affiliate of such person) by the Company, in its initial issuance of the Series A Preferred, the second greatest number of
Upon the conclusion of the Term of Service of Bruce W. Taylor as a member of the Executive Committee, the resulting vacancy on the Executive Committee, and any subsequent vacancies in such seat of the Executive Committee, shall be filled by one of the then-serving directors nominated by the Taylor Family within 30 days thereafter by written notice signed by the then-serving directors nominated by the Taylor Family to the Corporate Secretary at the principal executive offices of the corporation; provided, however, that in the event such then-serving directors nominated by the Taylor Family do not designate such successor within 30 days or there are no then-serving directors nominated by the Taylor Family, then the successor Taylor Designee shall, within 30 days after the end of such first 30-day period, be appointed by a majority of all of the members of the Board of Directors (excluding any director who is a member of the Steans Family or nominated by FIC and excluding the Senior Officer).Senior Officer.
3.
5.
1.
Bruce W. TaylorChairman of the Boardc/o Cole Taylor Bank9550 West Higgins RoadRosemont, Illinois 60018
- 2 -
- 3 -
- 4 -
(b) Limitation on Accrual of Dividends.
(d) Conversion Following A Record Date.
(a) Liquidation.
(a) Liquidation Event.
- 8 -
(a) General.
(b) Exchange Cap.
(a) Conversion Date.
(d) Conversion Procedure.
(a) Exchange.
(a) General.
(a) General.
(c) If any of the Holders fail to exercise its right under this Section 12 to purchase its pro-rata share of the New Securities within 25 calendar days following the date of the first notice contemplated by Section 12(b), the Company shall have until the 90th day following such date to enter into a letter of intent or definitive agreement and a period of 90 days thereafter to sell any of the New Securities in respect of which such Investor’s rights were not exercised, at a price and upon terms and conditions no more favorable to the purchasers thereof than specified in the Company’s notice to the Holders pursuant to Section 12(b).
- 13 -
(a) Sufficient Shares.
(d) Compliance with Law.
(e) Listing.
The Company may, in its sole discretion, remove the Transfer Agent in accordance with the agreement between the Company and the Transfer Agent; provided that the Company shall appoint a successor transfer agent that shall accept such appointment prior to the effectiveness of such removal.
- 15 -
(b) Withholding.
- 16 -
TABLE OF CONTENTS 1.1.11.21.31.41.51.61.71.81.91.101.111.121.131.142.2.12.22.32.43.3.13.23.33.43.53.63.73.83.93.103.113.12 i
(e) “Effective Date” has the meaning assigned to such term in the preamble of this Agreement.
- 2 -
- 4 -
- 6 -
The Company shall have the right to terminate or withdraw any registration initiated by it under this Section 1.3 prior to the effectiveness of such registration whether or not any Holder has elected to include securities in such registration.
(a) Subject to the limitations and restrictions set forth in this Section 1.5, in the event that the Restated Charter shall not be filed with the Secretary of State of Delaware prior to January 1, 2009, Series A Holders of at least a majority of the Registrable Preferred Securities then outstanding shall have the right at anytime thereafter until such time as such filing has been made to send written notice to the Company requesting that the Company register for resale all of the Registrable Preferred Securities under the Securities Act and use its reasonable best efforts to cause the listing of the Registrable Preferred Securities on a national securities exchange (or if the Registrable Preferred Securities are not eligible for listing on a national securities exchange, to cause the quotation thereof on an over-the-counter securities market designated by Series A Holders of at least a majority of the Registrable Preferred Securities then outstanding) (a “Preferred Registration”).
The Company shall use its reasonable best efforts to cause the registration statement filed pursuant to this Section 1.5 to be continuously effective, supplemented and amended as necessary to ensure that it is available for resales by the Holders of the Registrable Preferred Securities and to ensure that it conforms with the requirements of this Agreement, the Securities Act and the related rules and regulations of the SEC announced from time-to-time, until such time as the Restated Charter has been filed and the Series A Preferred has been issued in exchange for the Designated Preferred, whereupon all obligations of the Company under this Section 1.5 shall terminate.
- 8 -
- 10 -
(vi) of the discovery of any event that makes any statement made in such registration statement or related prospectus or any document incorporated or deemed to be incorporated therein by reference untrue in any material respect or that requires the making of any changes in a registration statement, prospectus or any such document so that, in the case of the registration statement, it will not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading, and, in the case of the prospectus, it will not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated or necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading and (vii) of the Company’s reasonable determination that a post-effective amendment to a registration statement would be appropriate.
(n) If requested by the managing underwriter or agent or any Holders of the Registrable Securities (or, in the case of the Taylor Holders, the Taylor Representative) covered by the applicable registration statement, promptly incorporate in a prospectus supplement or post-effective amendment such information as the managing underwriter or agent or such Holder or such Representative reasonably requests to be included therein, including with respect to the number of Registrable Securities being sold by such Holders to such underwriter or agent, the purchase price being paid therefor by such underwriter or agent and with respect to any other terms of the underwritten offering of the Registrable Securities to be sold in such offering; and make all required filings of such prospectus supplement or post-effective amendment as soon as reasonably practicable after being notified of the matters incorporated in such prospectus supplement or post-effective amendment.
(q) Except at the request of the managing underwriters of an underwritten offering, not prepare or distribute, or authorize any other Person to prepare or distribute, any Free Writing Prospectus in connection with any such registration.
- 12 -
(a) Except for underwriting discounts and commissions and transfer taxes, all expenses incurred in connection with any registration pursuant to this Article 1, including all registration, filing and qualification fees, printers’ and accounting fees, fees and disbursements of counsel for the Company and reasonable fees and - 13 -
- 16 -
continue to apply until the expiration of the date that is 15 calendar days plus 3 business days after the date on which the issuance of the earnings release or material news or the material event occurs.
Upon the death, disability or incapacity of the initial Taylor Representative appointed pursuant to Section 3.1, the Taylor Holders, or their personal representatives, holding a majority of the Registrable Securities held by all Taylor Holders shall appoint a replacement reasonably believed by such person as capable of carrying out the duties and performing the obligations of such Taylor Representative hereunder within ten (10) days of such death, disability or incapacity.
- 20 -
- 21 -
- 23 -
to be elected to the Board of Directors of the Company (it being understood that such Designees shall be considered the director candidates of the Advisor in accordance with Section 2.9 of the Amended and Restated By-laws (as defined in the Stock Purchase Agreement));B.
Term.
This Agreement will continue in full force and effect until June 30, 2009, unless earlier terminated by the mutual agreement of the parties hereto; provided that notwithstanding the foregoing, the terms of Sections 2 through 15 hereof shall survive any termination of this Agreement.5.
(c) To the extent that the provisions of Section 5(b) are determined to apply to any Indemnitee as to any previously advanced indemnity payments made by the Company, then such payments will be promptly repaid by such Indemnitee to the Company.
- 4 -
ANY - 5 -
Entire Agreement.
- 6 -
- 7 -
15.
[Signature Page to Follow] - 8 -
(a) A “Change in Control” shall be deemed to have occurred if or upon:(i) the stockholders of the Company approve the sale, lease or transfer, in one or a series of related transactions, of all or substantially all of the Company’s assets (determined on a consolidated basis) to any person or group (as such term is used in Section 13(d)(3) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (“Exchange Act”);(ii) the stockholders of the Company approve a merger or consolidation of the Company with any other person, other than a merger or consolidation which would result in the Voting Securities of the Company outstanding immediately prior thereto continuing to represent (either by remaining outstanding or by being converted into Voting Securities of the surviving entity) at least 60% of the total voting power represented by the Voting Securities of the Company or such surviving entity outstanding immediately after such merger or consolidation;(iii) the stockholders of the Company approve the adoption of a plan the consummation of which would result in the liquidation or dissolution of the Company;(iv) the acquisition, directly or indirectly, by any person or group (as such term is used in Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act) (other than (a) a trustee or other fiduciary holding securities under an employee benefit plan of the Company; or (b) a corporation owned, directly or indirectly, by the stockholders of the Company in substantially the same proportions as their ownership of stock of the Company) of beneficial ownership (as defined in Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act) of more than 33 1/3% of the aggregate voting power of the Voting Securities of the Company; or(v) during any period of two consecutive years, individuals who at the beginning of such period composed the Board of Directors (together with any new directors whose election by such Board of Directors or whose nomination for election by 2
After a 3
(a) General Agreement.
(b) Certain Exceptions.
4
3.
(a) Notice of Indemnifiable Event.
6
12.
Subrogation.
Binding Effect; Successors; Duration.
(c) This Agreement may not be terminated except by a writing to that effect executed by the parties hereto.
All agreements and obligations of the Company contained herein shall continue during the period that Indemnitee is a director, Executive Committee member, officer or agent of the Company and shall continue until and terminate upon the later of (i) ten years after Indemnitee has ceased to serve as a director, Executive Committee member, officer or agent of the Company, as the case may be, or (ii) one year after the final termination of all pending or threatened Proceedings of the kind described herein with respect to Indemnitee.15.
9
16.
10
11
Duration.
The right to subscribe for and purchase shares of Common Stock represented hereby shall commence on the date on which Stockholder Approval is received, and shall expire at 5:00 p.m., Chicago time, on the tenth anniversary of the Original Issue Date specified above (the “Expiration Date”); provided, that if Stockholder Approval is not obtained on or prior to December 31, 2008 the Expiration Date shall be extended by the number of days after December 31, 2008 that Stockholder Approval is obtained; provided, further, that if the Expiration Date would otherwise occur on a day on which banking institutions are required or authorized by law to close in Chicago, Illinois (a “Bank Holiday”), then the Expiration Date shall be the next succeeding day which shall not be a Bank Holiday.
- 2 -
(d) Notwithstanding any other provision hereof, if any exercise of any portion of a Warrant is made in connection with a registered public offering or the sale of the Company (regardless of how structured), such exercise may be conditioned, at the election of the Holder, upon the consummation of such public offering or sale of the Company, in which case such exercise shall not be deemed to be effective until immediately prior to the consummation of such transaction.
exercise of this Warrant had such exercise occurred immediately prior to such reclassification, change, consolidation or merger.
If the Company, at any time while any of this Warrant is outstanding, shall:(1) Stock Dividends.
- 4 -
(iv) Adjustment of Number of Shares.
(c) Default in Obligations Regarding Par Value.
- 5 -
4.
(c) The Holder, by acceptance of this Warrant, understands that the Warrant Securities are characterized as “restricted securities” under the federal securities laws inasmuch as they are being or will be acquired from the Company in a transaction not involving a public offering and that under such laws and applicable regulations neither this Warrant nor the shares of Common Stock issuable upon its exercise may be resold without registration under the Securities Act or under certain other limited circumstances.
- 8 -
(f) Cancellation; Payment of Expenses.
Upon the surrender of this Warrant in connection with any exchange, transfer or replacement, this Warrant shall be promptly cancelled by the Company.
- 9 -
7.
(a) Amendments.
- 11 -
- 12 -
    Section 9.1      Section 9.2      Section 9.3      Section 9.4      Section 9.5      Section 9.6   ii
    Section 15.1      Section 15.2   iii
In the event the Board of Directors fails to convene a special meeting of stockholders within ninety (90) days of receipt of a properly submitted Stockholder Request, the stockholder(s) who submitted such Stockholder Request shall have the right to convene a special meeting within the following ninety (90) days; provided such stockholder(s) provide the Board of Directors and all other stockholders with notice no less than ten (10) nor more than sixty (60) days in advance of such meeting, with such notice to include the date, time and the location of such meeting, which shall be at a location in Chicago, Illinois.Section 2.4 Notice of Meetings.
At such adjourned 2
nominate up to three (3) candidates for election to the Board of Directors at any annual meeting of stockholders or special meeting of stockholders called for the purpose of electing Directors, and (II) at any time at which the Taylor Family beneficially owns in the aggregate fifteen percent (15%) or more, but less than twenty-five percent (25%), of the total voting power of the outstanding stock entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, the Taylor Family shall be entitled to nominate up to two (2) candidates for election to the Board of Directors at any annual meeting of stockholders or special meeting of stockholders called for the purpose of electing Directors.
7
In order that the corporation may determine the stockholders entitled to notice of or to vote at any meeting of stockholders, or entitled to receive payment of any dividend or other distribution or allotment of any rights or entitled to exercise any rights in respect of any change, conversion or exchange of stock or for the purpose of any other lawful action, the Board of Directors may fix, in advance, a record date, which shall not be more than sixty (60) nor less than ten (10) days before the date of such meeting, nor more than sixty (60) days prior to any other action, except in each case as otherwise required by the DGCL.
(b) The record date for determining stockholders entitled to receive payment of a dividend or other distribution or allotment of any rights or entitled to exercise any rights in respect of any change, conversion or exchange of stock or for the purpose of any other lawful action shall be at the close of business on the day on which the Board of Directors adopts the resolution relating thereto.
ARTICLE 3DIRECTORSSection 3.1 Duties.
9
10
11
(b) In the absence or disqualification of a member of a committee, the member or members thereof present at any meeting and not disqualified from voting, whether or not such member or members constitute a quorum, may unanimously appoint another member of the Board of Directors to act at the meeting in the place of any such absent or disqualified member.
12
13
(a) Resignations.
Any Director may resign at any time by giving written notice to the Board of Directors, the Chairman of the Board, the President or the Secretary.
Such resignation shall take effect at the time specified therein; and unless otherwise specified therein, the acceptance of such resignation shall not be necessary to make it effective.
15
(b) Removals.
Any officer may resign at any time by giving written notice to the Board of Directors, the Chairman of the Board, the Chief Executive Officer, the President or the Secretary.
Such resignation shall take effect at the time specified therein; and unless otherwise specified therein, the acceptance of such resignation shall not be necessary to make it effective.
19
20
21
