Compensation.
As compensation, Employee shall receive a Base Salary (as defined below) and may, as determined at the discretion of the Board or Compensation Committee of the Board (the “Compensation Committee”), as applicable, participate in an annual bonus program (the “Annual Bonus”).
Annual Bonuses may be provided to align the goals and objectives of the Employee with those of the Company, business units within the Company and the expected goals and objectives of the Company’s shareholders, as applicable, and according to standards of good governance, ethical leadership and the successful growth and well-being of the Company Group.
The award of any Annual Bonus will generally depend upon the satisfaction of personal and/or Company Group performance metrics as determined by Board or Compensation Committee, as applicable, for the year.
Base Salary.
The Company agrees to pay Employee a base salary at an annual rate of four hundred eighty thousand dollars ($480,000) (the “Base Salary”), payable in accordance with the regular payroll practices of the Company.
This Base Salary shall compensate Employee for all hours of work, and this position shall not be eligible for overtime.
The Base Salary shall be subject to change at the discretion of the Board or Compensation Committee, as applicable.
The term “Base Salary” will refer to the Base Salary as may be modified from time to time.
c. Annual Bonus.
(i) Annual Bonus for 2019.
Employee shall be eligible to receive an Annual Bonus with respect to performance for the 2019 year equal to one million seven hundred and fifty thousand dollars ($1,750,000), as set forth in the economic terms set forth on Exhibit B attached to this Agreement and to be paid no later than March 15, 2020.
The Board or Compensation Committee, as applicable, may increase the 2019 Annual Bonus in recognition of performance in excess of performance objectives.
No Annual Bonus shall be earned for 2019 unless the Employee remains employed through the date of payment.
(ii) Annual Bonus for 2020 and Thereafter.
Each year during the first quarter of the year, the Board or Compensation Committee, as applicable, in consultation with the Company’s senior executive officers (“Management”), shall establish (a) a target Annual Bonus for the year of no less than three hundred sixty-four and six tenths percent (364.6%) of Base Salary (the “Target Annual Bonus”), and (b) Company Group and individual performance and other objectives for the year for such bonus.
Each Annual Bonus (if any) shall be paid no later than the March 15 following the end of the applicable year.
No earlier than January 1 nor later than March 15 of the following year, the Board or Compensation Committee, as applicable, shall determine and pay the amount of the final Annual Bonus, if any, to be paid for the preceding year, which amount may be based in whole or in part on satisfaction of the performance and other objectives for the preceding year.
The Board or Compensation Committee, as applicable, may increase the Annual Bonus in recognition of performance in excess of performance objectives.
No Annual Bonus shall be earned for a year unless the Employee remains employed through the date of payment.
d. Form of Annual Bonus.
The Annual Bonus for 2019 shall be paid thirty-five percent (35%) in cash immediately and sixty-five percent (65%) in the form of an RSU award.
The Annual Bonus for 2020 and thereafter shall be paid thirty-five percent (35%) in cash immediately and sixty-five (65%) in the form of an RSU award.
With respect to the Annual Bonus for 2019 and thereafter, any RSU award shall vest in three (3) equal annual installments, with the RSU award for the Annual Bonus for 2019 vesting in three (3) equal annual installments on December 31, 2020, December 31, 2021, and December 31, 2022.
The Annual Bonus made under this Agreement shall be subject to recoupment by the Company to the extent required by applicable law (including without limitation Section 304 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and Section 954 of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act) and/or the rules and regulations of the NYSE.
Employee Benefits.
Paid Time Off.
Paid time off accrues with each pay period, subject to an annual cap, and cannot be carried over to the subsequent calendar year, except to the extent required by applicable law.
6. Business Expenses.
The Company agrees to reimburse Employee for reasonable and customary business expenses related to Employee’s performance of services under this Agreement, including all travel expenses to and from New York, subject to appropriate review and oversight by the Board as applicable.
As a condition of reimbursement, Employee must account for and substantiate all such expenses in accordance with applicable Company policies and consistent with Internal Revenue Service requirements for reimbursable business expenses.
In the event of the death of Employee during the Term, the Company shall pay to Employee’s legal representatives or named beneficiaries (as designated on Exhibit C and delivered to the Company): (i) Employee’s earned but unpaid Base Salary as of the date of Employee’s death; (ii) Any unpaid Annual Bonus for the year prior to the date of Employee’s death, based on the actual performance of the Company (or the Company Group, as applicable) for that year, payable fully in cash (rather than any otherwise applicable cash/equity mix) at the same time as such amounts are paid to continuing Management employees; and (iii) A pro-rated amount of any Annual Bonus for the year of death, based on actual performance of the Company (or the Company Group, as applicable) for the year in which death occurs, with any individual performance criteria deemed to be met at the same level as Company performance, and paid fully in cash (rather than any otherwise applicable cash/equity mix) at the same time as such amounts are paid to continuing Management employees for the year.
In addition, the Company will pay toward the cost of COBRA coverage an amount equal to the Company-portion of premiums paid for active employees in the Company’s plan for the Employee and/or Employee’s qualified beneficiaries, to the extent Employee elects such COBRA Coverage, for a period of up to eighteen (18) months following Employee’s termination by the Company without Cause or by Employee with Good Reason; provided, that the Company’s obligation described in this sentence shall cease on the date Employee becomes eligible for coverage under another group health plan offered by an employer of Employee or the employer of Employee’s spouse.
In addition, the Company will pay toward the cost of COBRA coverage an amount equal to the Company-portion of premiums paid for active employees in the Company’s plan for Employee and/or Employee’s qualified beneficiaries, to the extent Employee elects such COBRA Coverage, for a period of up to one (1) year following Employee’s termination by notice of non-renewal; provided, that the Company’s obligation described in this sentence shall cease on the date Employee becomes eligible for coverage under another group health plan offered by an employer of Employee or the employer of Employee’s spouse.
Employee shall not be required to mitigate the amount of any payment provided for pursuant to this Agreement by seeking other employment or otherwise, and the amount of any payment provided for pursuant to this Agreement shall not be reduced by any compensation earned as a result of Employee’s other employment or otherwise.
“Common Shares” means the shares of common stock, par value $0.001 per share, of Sierra.
d. Legal Fees and Expenses.
The Company will pay legal fees and expenses incurred by Employee in connection with the drafting and negotiation of this Agreement and any related agreements.
Employee acknowledges and agrees that the compensation paid under the terms of this Agreement shall be in full satisfaction of any amounts due in connection with Employee’s employment with the Company and members of the Company Group.
Upon the expiration of the preceding period, any payments that would have otherwise been made during that period (whether in a single sum or in installments) in the absence of this provision shall be paid to Employee or Employee’s beneficiary in one lump sum (without interest).
22  (iv) any taxable reimbursements under this Agreement, including, without limitation, those under Section 21(d), will be made no later than the end of the calendar year following the calendar year the expense was incurred.
c. 149 and in so doing you explicitly waive any claims for unpaid wages.
