1.
2.
Term.
The term of this Agreement is effective as of the Effective Date, and will continue through December 31, 2013, unless terminated or extended as hereinafter provided.
This Agreement shall be extended for successive one-year periods following the original term unless either party notifies the other in writing at least ninety (90) days prior to the end of the original term, or the end of any additional one-year renewal term, that the Agreement shall not be extended beyond its current term.
3.
Benefits.
(b) Vacation.
2
6.
Termination of Employment.
(a) Death or Incapacity.
The Executive’s employment under this Agreement shall terminate automatically upon the Executive’s death.
In the event of termination due to the death of the Executive, the Executive’s beneficiary designated in writing (provided such writing is executed and dated by the Executive and delivered to the Company in a form acceptable to the Company prior to the Executive’s death) and surviving the Executive or, if none, the Executive’s estate, as applicable, shall receive, in addition to all other benefits accruing upon death, an amount equal to three (3) months of the Executive’s base salary in effect at his death.
If the Company determines that the Incapacity, as hereinafter defined, of the Executive has occurred, it may terminate the Executive’s employment and this Agreement upon thirty (30) days’ written notice, provided that, within thirty (30) days after receipt of such notice, the Executive shall not have returned to full-time performance of the Executive’s assigned duties.
The Executive shall not be entitled to any additional benefits under this Agreement as a result of a termination due to Incapacity.
(b) Termination by Company With or Without Cause.
The Company may terminate the Executive’s employment during the term of this Agreement, with or without Cause.
For purposes of this Agreement, “Cause” shall mean:(i) the Executive’s willful misconduct in connection with the performance of the Executive’s duties which the Company believes does or may result in material harm to the Company or any of its subsidiaries;(ii) the Executive’s misappropriation or embezzlement of funds or property of the Company or any of its subsidiaries;(iii) the Executive’s fraud or dishonesty with respect to the Company or any of its subsidiaries;(iv) the Executive’s failure to perform any of the duties and responsibilities required by the Position (other than by reason of Incapacity) or the Executive’s willful failure to follow reasonable instructions or policies of the Employer or the Company, in either case after being advised in writing of such failure and being given a reasonable opportunity and period (as determined by the Employer or the Company) to remedy such failure;(v) the Executive’s conviction of, indictment for (or its procedural equivalent), or entering of a guilty plea or plea of no contest with respect to any felony or any other crime involving moral turpitude or any other crime with respect to which imprisonment is a possible punishment; 3
(vi) the Executive’s breach of a material term of this Agreement, or violation in any material respect of any code or standard of behavior generally applicable to officers of the Employer or the Company, after being advised in writing of such breach or violation and being given a reasonable opportunity and period (as determined by the Employer or the Company) to remedy such breach or violation;(vii) the Executive’s breach of fiduciary duties owed to the Company or any of its subsidiaries; or(viii) the Executive’s willful engaging in conduct that, if it became known by any regulatory or governmental agency or the public, is reasonably likely to result, in the good faith judgment of the Company, in material injury to the Company or any of its subsidiaries, monetarily or otherwise.
(c) Termination by Executive for Good Reason.
The Executive may terminate employment for Good Reason.
For purposes of this Agreement, “Good Reason” shall mean:(i) the continued assignment to the Executive of duties inconsistent with the Executive’s position, authority, duties or responsibilities as contemplated by Section 1 hereof or, in the event of a Change of Control (as hereinafter defined), Section 10(a);(ii) any action taken by the Employer or the Company which results in a substantial reduction in the status of the Executive, including a significant diminution in the Executive’s position, authority, duties or responsibilities;(iii) the relocation of the Executive to any other primary place of employment which might require the Executive to move the Executive’s residence which, for this purpose, includes any reassignment to a place of employment located more than fifty (50) miles from the Executive’s initially assigned place of employment, without the Executive’s express written consent to such relocation; provided, however, this subsection (iii) shall not apply in connection with the relocation of the Executive if the Company decides to relocate its headquarters; or(iv) any failure by the Company, or any successor entity following a Change of Control, to comply with the provisions of Sections 3 and 4 or Section 10(b) hereof or to honor any other term or provision of this Agreement.Notwithstanding the above, “Good Reason” shall not include the removal of the Executive as an officer of any subsidiary of the Company (including the Employer if the Employer is not the Company) in order that the Executive might concentrate the Executive’s efforts on the Company, any resignation by the Executive where Cause for the Executive’s termination by the Company exists, or an isolated, insubstantial and/or inadvertent action not taken in bad faith by the Employer or the Company and which is remedied by the Employer or the Company within a reasonable time after receipt of notice thereof given by the Executive.
4
7.
Obligations of the Company Upon Termination.
(a) Without Cause; Good Reason.
If, during the Term, either the Company shall terminate the Executive’s employment without Cause or the Executive shall terminate employment for Good Reason, the Executive shall be entitled to the following:(i) payment in a lump sum within thirty (30) days after the Executive’s termination of employment of an amount equal to the sum of the Executive’s annual base salary through the date of termination to the extent not theretofore paid and the balance of the Executive’s annual base salary for a period of eighteen (18) months from the date of termination of employment; and(ii) continuation for eighteen (18) months after the date of termination of employment of any health care (medical, dental and vision) plan coverage other than that under a flexible spending account provided to the Executive and the Executive’s spouse and dependents at the date of termination with the Company paying the normal Company paid contribution therefor, on a monthly or more frequent basis, for similarly situated active employees and with such coverage being available on the same basis as available to similarly active employees during such continuation period, provided that the Executive’s continued participation is possible under the general terms and provisions of such plans and programs.
If the Company reasonably determines that maintaining such coverage for the Executive or the Executive’s spouse or dependents is not feasible under the terms and provisions of such plans and programs (or where such continuation would adversely affect the tax status of the plan pursuant to which the coverage is provided), the Company shall pay the Executive cash equal to the estimated cost of the expected Company contribution therefor for eighteen (18) months after the date of termination of employment with such payments to be made in accordance with the established payroll practices of the Company (not less frequently than monthly) for employees generally for the period during which such cash payments are to be provided.In the event the contemplated payment and benefits on termination pursuant to this Section 7(a) cannot be provided due to the golden parachute prohibition of the Troubled Asset Relief Program Capital Purchase Program created by the Treasury Department pursuant to authority granted under the Emergency Economic Stabilization Act of 2008, as amended from time to time, or due to other applicable federal law (determined without regard to contractual limitations intended to avoid excess parachute payments under federal tax law), then the Executive shall only be required to comply with the non-solicitation, non-contact, non-hire and confidentiality covenants set forth in Section 7(b).
(b) Non-Competition.
months after the Executive’s employment with the Employer ceases for any reason other than the expiration or nonrenewal of this Agreement at the end of the original or any renewal term.
(c) Death or Incapacity.
If the Executive’s employment is terminated by reason of death or incapacity in accordance with Section 6(a) hereof, this Agreement shall terminate without further obligation to the Executive or the Executive’s beneficiary designated in writing (provided such writing is executed and dated by the Executive and delivered to the Company in a form acceptable to the Company prior to the Executive’s death) and surviving the Executive or, if none, the Executive’s estate, as applicable, other than to pay to such person any unpaid annual base salary through the date of termination within thirty (30) days after the date of termination, except as otherwise specified in Section 6(a).
6
(d) Cause; Other Than for Good Reason.
If the Executive’s employment shall be terminated for Cause or for other than Good Reason, this Agreement shall terminate without any further obligation of the Company to the Executive other than to pay to the Executive any unpaid annual base salary through the date of termination within thirty (30) days after the date of termination.
(e) Remedies.
Employment After a Change of Control.
Terms of Employment.
(a) Position and Duties.
(iv) participation in savings and retirement, insurance plans, policies and programs, coverage under welfare benefit plans, policies and programs, fringe benefits and vacation that either (A) is applicable generally to other peer executives of the Company and its affiliated companies or (B) provides substantially the same savings opportunities and retirement benefit opportunities, coverage under welfare benefit plans, policies and programs, fringe benefits and vacation in the aggregate as those provided by the Company and its affiliated companies for the Executive under such plans, policies and programs as in effect at any time during the Pre-Change in Control Period.
Termination of Employment Following Change of Control.
(a) Death or Incapacity.
The Executive’s employment will terminate automatically upon the Executive’s death or Incapacity (as defined in Section 6(a)) during the Change of Control Employment Period.
(b) Cause.
The Company may terminate the Executive’s employment during the Change of Control Employment Period for Cause (as defined in Section 6(b)).
(c) Good Reason.
The Executive’s employment may be terminated during the Change of Control Employment Period by the Executive for Good Reason (as defined in Section 6(c).
(d) Other Termination.
The Board of Directors of the Company may request in writing that the Executive relinquish the Executive’s position and terminate the Executive’s employment in order to facilitate or ensure that an acquisition occurs that does not meet the definition in Section 15 of a “Change of Control.” In this event, the Executive’s employment will be deemed terminated without Cause, and the Executive will be entitled to the benefits under Section 12.
(e) Notice of Termination.
Any termination during the Change of Control Employment Period by the Company or by the Executive for Good Reason shall be communicated by written Notice of Termination to the other party hereto.
For purposes of this Agreement, a “Notice of Termination” shall mean a notice which shall indicate the specific termination provision in this Agreement relied upon.
(f) Date of Termination.
“Date of Termination” means (i) if the Executive’s employment is terminated by the Company for Cause, or by the Executive for Good Reason, the date of receipt of the Notice of Termination or any later date specified therein, as the case may 9
be, (ii) if the Executive’s employment is terminated by the Company other than for Cause or Incapacity, the date specified in the Notice of Termination (which shall not be less than thirty (30) nor more than sixty (60) days from the date such Notice of Termination is given), and (iii) if the Executive’s employment is terminated for Incapacity, thirty (30) days after Notice of Termination is given, provided that the Executive shall not have returned to the full-time performance of duties during such thirty (30) day period.12.
Compensation Upon Termination.
(a) Termination Without Cause or for Good Reason.
The Executive will be entitled to the following benefits if, during the Change of Control Employment Period, the Company terminates the Executive’s employment without Cause or the Executive terminates employment with the Company or any affiliated company for Good Reason:(i) Accrued Obligations.
For thirty-six (36) months after the Date of Termination, coverage under any health care (medical, dental and vision) plan or plans 10
(“Health Care Plans”) other than a flexible spending account provided to the Executive and the Executive’s spouse and dependents at the date of termination shall continue with the Company paying the normal Company paid contribution therefor for similarly situated active employees and with such coverage being available on the same basis as available to similarly active employees during such continuation period (the “Health Care Continuance Benefit”), provided that the Executive’s continued participation is possible under the general terms and provisions of such plans.
(B) The Health Care Continuance Benefit as to any Health Care Plan will cease if and when the Executive has obtained health care coverage under one or more welfare benefit plans of a subsequent employer that provides for equal or greater benefits to the Executive and the Executive’s spouse and dependents with respect to the specific type of benefit.
(C) The Executive and the Executive’s spouse and dependents will become eligible for COBRA continuation coverage as of the date the Health Care Continuance Benefit ceases for all health and dental benefits.
(b) Death.
If the Executive dies during the Change of Control Employment Period, this Agreement will terminate without any further obligation on the part of the Company under this Agreement, other than for (i) payment of the Accrued Obligations at the time set forth in Section 12(a)(i); (ii) three (3) months of the Executive’s Base Salary (which shall be paid to the Executive’s beneficiary designated in writing (provided such writing is executed and dated by the Executive and delivered to the Company in a form acceptable to the Company prior to the Executive’s death) and surviving the Executive or, if none, the Executive’s estate, as applicable, over the three (3) month period beginning with the month following the month in which the Executive’s death occurred in accordance with the established payroll practices of the Company (not less frequently than monthly); (iii) the timely payment or provision of the Health Care Continuance Benefit to the Executive’s spouse and dependents (not less frequently than monthly) for thirty-six (36) months following the date of death; and (iv) the timely payment of all death and retirement benefits pursuant to the terms of any plan, policy or arrangement of the Company and its affiliated companies.
11
(c) Incapacity.
If the Executive’s employment is terminated because of the Executive’s Incapacity during the Change of Control Employment Period, this Agreement will terminate without any further obligation on the part of the Company under this Agreement, other than for (i) payment of the Accrued Obligations at the time set forth in Section 12 (a)(i); (ii) three (3) months of the Executive’s Base Salary (which shall be paid to the Executive in a lump sum cash payment within thirty (30) days after the Date of Termination); (iii) the timely payment or provision of the Health Care Continuance Benefit (not less frequently than monthly) for thirty-six (36) months following the Date of Termination; and (iv) the timely payment of all disability and retirement benefits pursuant to the terms of any plan, policy or arrangement of the Company and its affiliated companies.
(d) Cause; Other than for Good Reason.
If the Executive’s employment is terminated for Cause during the Change of Control Employment Period, this Agreement will terminate without further obligation to the Executive other than the payment to the Executive of the Annual Base Salary through the Date of Termination, plus the amount of any compensation previously deferred by the Executive.
If the Executive terminates employment during the Change of Control Employment Period, excluding a termination for Good Reason, this Agreement will terminate without further obligation to the Executive other than for the Accrued Obligations (which will be paid at the time set forth in Section 12(a)(i)) and any other benefits to which the Executive may be entitled pursuant to the terms of any plan, program or arrangement of the Company and its affiliated companies.13.
Any reimbursements to be paid by the Company to the Executive under this Section 13 must be paid within thirty (30) days after the termination of any such litigation or other proceeding, or the settlement thereof, under terms on which the Executive’s claim is substantially upheld.
(c) The Executive will not be required to comply with the noncompetition covenant in Section 7(b) if the Executive’s employment is terminated during the Change of Control Employment Period without Cause or he terminates during the Change in Control Employment Period for Good Reason.
12
14.
(c) the Company consummates after the Effective Date:(i) a merger, statutory share exchange, or consolidation of the Company with any other corporation, except as provided in subparagraph (a)(iv) of this section, or(ii) the sale or other disposition of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company.Part III: Miscellaneous16.
Binding Effect.
(a) Intent.
(c) Separation from Service.
A termination of employment shall not be deemed to have occurred for purposes of any provision of this Agreement providing for the form or timing of payment of any amounts or benefits that are subject to Section 409A of the Code and that are paid upon or following a termination of employment unless such termination is also a “separation from service” (within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code) and, for purposes of any such provision of this Agreement under which (and to the extent) deferred compensation subject to Section 409A of the Code is paid, references to a “termination” or “termination of employment” or like references shall mean separation from service.
A leave of absence shall only trigger a termination of employment that constitutes a separation from service at the time required under Section 409A of the Code.
15
In the event any payment payable upon termination of employment would be exempt from Section 409A of the Code under Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(b)(9)(iii) but for the amount of such payment, the determination of the payments to the Executive that are exempt under such provision shall be made by applying the exemption to payments based on chronological order beginning with the payments paid closest in time on or after such termination of employment.
Entire Agreement.
