WHEREAS, to the extent permitted by applicable insurance laws and regulations, the Company intends to purchase shares in the Portfolios set forth in Schedule A on behalf of each corresponding Separate Account set forth on such Schedule A to fund the Contracts and the Underwriter is authorized to sell such shares the Separate Accounts at net asset value.
1.1                               The Fund and the Underwriter agree to sell to the Company those shares of the Portfolios which the Company orders on behalf of any Separate Account, executing such orders on a daily basis at the net asset value next computed after receipt and acceptance by the Fund or its designee of such order.
For purposes of this Section, the Fund designates the Company as its agent for the purpose of receiving orders from each Separate Account to buy shares of the Fund for such Separate Account.
The Fund or its designee will receive all orders to purchase Portfolio shares using the NSCC’s Defined Contribution Clearance & Settlement (“DCC&S”) platform.
The Company shall pay for Portfolio shares by the scheduled close of federal funds transmissions on the same Business Day it places an order to purchase Portfolio shares in accordance with this section using the NSCC’s Fund/SERV System.
Payment shall be in federal funds transmitted by wire from the Fund’s designated Settling Bank to the NSCC.
The Fund and the Underwriter agree to sell the Company those shares of the Portfolios which the Company orders on behalf of any Separate Account, executing such orders on a daily basis at the net asset value next computed after receipt and acceptance by the Fund or its designee of such order.
The Company shall pay for Portfolio
shares by 5:00 p.m. Eastern Time on the same Business Day it places an order to purchase Portfolio shares in accordance with this section.
Payment shall be in federal funds transmitted by wire to the Fund’s designated custodian.
1.3                               The Fund and the Underwriter agree to redeem for cash, upon the Company’s request, any full or fractional shares of the Fund held by the Company on behalf of a Separate Account, executing such requests on a daily basis at the net asset value next computed after receipt and acceptance by the Fund or its designee of the request for redemption.
The Fund or its designee will receive all orders to redeem Portfolio shares using the NSCC’s DCC&S platform.
Payment for Fund shares redeemed shall be made in accordance with this section using the NSCC’s Fund/SERV System.
The Fund and the Underwriter agree to redeem for cash, upon the Company’s request, any full or fractional shares of the Fund held by the Company on behalf of a Separate Account, executing such requests on a daily basis at the net asset value next computed after receipt and acceptance by the Fund or its designee of the request for redemption.
1.4                               The Company will place separate orders to purchase or redeem shares of each Portfolio.
The Company hereby elects to receive all such dividends and distributions as are payable on a Portfolio’s shares in the form of additional shares of that Portfolio.
3.2(b)                The Fund shall pay for the reasonable costs of typesetting, printing and distributing all Fund prospectuses, statements of additional information, Fund reports to shareholders and other Fund communications to Contract owners and prospective Contract owners.
The Fund shall pay for all reasonable costs for typesetting, printing and distributing proxy materials.
Victory High Yield Fund
Victory RS Value Fund
In consideration of the services provided by the Company, the Underwriter agrees to pay or cause to be paid to the Company an amount equal to the following basis points per annum on the average aggregate amount invested by the Company’s Separate Account(s) in each Portfolio under the Fund Participation Agreement, such amounts to be paid within 30 days of the end of each month.
12b-1 Fees
