WHEREAS, the Company’s Board of Directors (the “Board”) has unanimously approved, upon the terms and subject to the conditions of, that certain Securities Purchase Agreement, of even date herewith, by and between the Holder and the Company (the “Securities Purchase Agreement”), that the Company shall issue and sell to Holder a convertible promissory note in the principal amount of $200,000.00 (the “Note”), a warrant to purchase shares of common stock in the Company (the “Warrant”) and three thousand seven hundred forty-nine (3,749) shares of Common Stock of the Company (the “Commitment Shares”, together with the Note, and any shares of common stock in the Company issuable upon conversion or exercise of either, the “Securities”), to the Holder; and
The liquidated damages set forth in this Section 2(b) shall be paid, at the Holder’s option, in cash or shares of Common Stock priced at the Fixed Conversion Price, or in portions thereof.
The liquidated damages set forth in this Section 2(c) shall be paid, at the Holder’s option, in cash or shares of Common Stock priced at the Fixed Conversion Price, or portion thereof.
If the Registration Statement covering the Registrable Securities required to be filed by the Company pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof has become effective, and, thereafter, the Holder’s right to sell is suspended, for any reason, then the Company shall pay the Holder the sum of one percent (1%) of the Purchase Amount (the “Suspension Damages”).
The Suspension Damages shall be paid, at the Holder’s option, in cash or shares of Common Stock priced at the Fixed Conversion Price, or portion thereof.
Accordingly, the Parties agree that it is appropriate to include a provision for liquidated damages and the Company agrees to pay the Holder the sum of one percent (1%) of the Purchase Amount as liquidated damages and not as a penalty for each thirty (30) calendar day period, pro rata, compounded daily, until the unauthorized Registration Statement is withdrawn.
Failure to cure the Registration Default within five (5) business days shall result in the Company paying liquidated damages of one percent (1%) of the Purchase Amount for each thirty (30) calendar day period or portion thereof, beginning on the date of suspension.
The Holder may choose to make this refund by reducing the amount that the Company owes under this Agreement or by making a direct payment to the Company.
If a refund reduces the amount that the Company owes the Holder, the reduction will be treated as a partial payment.
The Company shall be able to offer and sell any number of Registered Securities offered to, but not purchased by, Holder after five (5) business days.
Payment Of Liquidated Damages.
The Holder reserves the rights to take payment of such amounts in cash or in Securities priced at the Fixed Conversion Price.
