WHEREAS, the Company has completed a private offering of shares of its common stock (the “Offering”); and
Compensation.3.1 Salary.
The Company shall pay the Executive during the Term a salary at the rate of Five Hundred Thousand and No/00 Dollars ($500,000) per annum (the “Annual Salary”), in accordance with the customary payroll practices of the Company applicable to senior executives generally.
Annual Salary will be paid in monthly or bi-monthly installments as determined by the Board, and no Annual Salary will be paid later than 75 days after the conclusion of any calendar year in which such Annual Salary is deemed earned and payable to the Executive.3.2 Cash and Equity Bonus Compensation; Initial Awards.
(a) The Executive will be eligible to receive annual cash bonuses (each an “Annual Bonus”) upon approval by the Compensation Committee in its discretion.
The initial Target Level will be equal to 100% of the Annual Salary, subject to approval by the Compensation Committee in its discretion.
Each Annual Bonus will be paid within 60 days after the end of the fiscal year to which such Annual Bonus relates.
(b) In addition, the Executive will be entitled to be paid a special cash bonus of $250,000 if, before April 30, 2013, the Company files with the SEC a shelf registration statement relating to the registration of the registrable shares (the “Registrable Shares”) for resale in accordance with the terms set forth in the registration rights agreement to be entered on the date hereof.
In addition, the Executive will be entitled to be paid an additional special cash bonus of $250,000 if, before October 29, 2013 (or 60 days later if deferred pursuant to Section 2(b)(iii) of the registration rights agreement), the Registrable Shares become registered with the SEC and the Company’s common stock becomes listed on a national securities exchange.
(c) Immediately following the Effective Date, the Company will grant the Executive:(i) 88,486 LTIP Units under the 2012 Equity Incentive Plan.
(d) In the event of any exercise of the initial purchaser/placement agent’s additional allotment option in the Offering following the Effective Date (the “Remaining Option Shares”), immediately following the closing of the issuance and sale of the Remaining Option Shares, the Company will grant the Executive:(i) an additional number of LTIP Units under the 2012 Equity Incentive Plan equal to 1.125% of the Remaining Option Shares.
(ii) an additional number of LTIP Units under the 2012 Equity Incentive Plan equal to 1.125% of the Remaining Option Shares.
If the Executive resigns within ninety (90) days following receipt of notice of Non-Renewal by the Company, such payments shall equal two (2) times the sum of (AA) the Executive’s Annual Salary (as in effect on the effective date of such termination excluding any reduction not permitted by this Agreement) plus (BB) the Executive’s Average Annual Bonus compensation, which together shall be payable in equal installments over a twelve (12) month period in accordance with the Company’s usual and customary salary payroll practices (and made payable to the Executive’s estate in the event that the Executive dies prior to the expiration of such period).
During the Term, the Company will maintain directors’ and officers’ liability insurance in a coverage amount of not less than Ten Million and No/00 Dollars ($10,000,000).7.20 409A.
Section 1.409A-1(h)), any payment of “deferred compensation” (as defined under Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(b)(1), after giving effect to the exemptions in Treasury Regulation Sections 1.409A-1(b)(3) through (b)(12)) that is scheduled to be paid within six months after such separation from service shall accrue without interest and shall be paid on the first day of the seventh month beginning after the date of the Executive’s separation from service or, if earlier, within 15 days after the appointment of the personal representative or executor of the Executive’s estate following his death.
