Registrar and Paying Agent
Exchange and Registration of Transfer of Notes; Restrictions on Transfer
Purchase at Option of Holder Upon a Fundamental Change
Collection Suit by Trustee
Trustee May File Proofs of Claim
Trustee to Sign Amendments
Release of Guarantor
Form of Note (including forms of Exchange Notice, Fundamental Change Purchase Notice, Assignment and Certificate to be Delivered Upon Exchange or Registration of Restricted Notes)
The Bid Solicitation Agent shall initially be the Company;
“Issue Date” means May 7, 2010.
“Maturity Date” means June 1, 2015.
“Regular Record Date” means, with respect to any Interest Payment Date, the May 15 and November 15 (whether or not a Business Day) preceding the applicable June 1 and December 1 Interest Payment Date, respectively.
Upon the execution of this Indenture, or from time to time thereafter, Notes may be executed by the Company and delivered to the Trustee for authentication.
(1)           the aggregate principal amount of such Additional Notes to be authenticated and delivered under this Indenture,
If any of the terms of any Additional Notes are established by action taken pursuant to a resolution of the Board of Directors of the Company, a copy of an appropriate record of such action shall be certified by the Secretary or any Assistant Secretary of the Company and delivered to the Trustee at or prior to the delivery of the Officers’ Certificate or the indenture supplemental hereto setting forth the terms of the Additional Notes.
(b)           Each Note shall be dated the date of its authentication.
(c)           One Officer shall sign the Notes for the Company by manual or facsimile signature.
The Trustee shall authenticate and make available for delivery upon a written order of the Company signed by one Officer (a) Original Notes for original issue on the date hereof in an aggregate principal amount of $600,000,000 (or $690,000,000 if the Initial Purchasers exercise their over-allotment option in full in accordance with the Purchase Agreement), the principal amount of Notes to be initially issued by the Company and authenticated by the Trustee shall be set forth in the written order, and (b) subject to the terms of the Indenture, Additional Notes in an aggregate principal amount to be determined at the time of issuance and specified therein.
The Notes may thereafter be transferred only to QIBs.
Any such appointment shall be evidenced by an instrument signed by a Trust Officer, a copy of which shall be furnished to the Company.
With respect to any certificated Notes, principal will be payable at the Company’s office or agency in New York City.
The Company will make all payments in respect of a certificated Note (including principal, and interest), at the office or agency of the Paying Agent, except that, at the option of the Company, payment of interest may be made by mailing a check to the registered address of each Holder thereof; provided, however, that payments on the Notes may also be made, in the case of a Holder of at least $5,000,000 aggregate principal amount of Notes, by wire transfer to a U.S. dollar account maintained by the payee with a bank in the United States if such Holder elects payment by wire transfer by giving written notice to the Registrar to such effect designating such account not later than the relevant Regular Record Date, which application shall remain in effect until the Holder provides written notice to the Registrar to the contrary.
(a)  The Company shall maintain an office or agency where Notes may be presented for registration of transfer or for exchange (the “Registrar”), an office or agency where Notes may be presented for payment (the “Paying Agent”) and an office or agency where the Notes may be surrendered for exchange (the “Exchange Agent”) (which shall, in each case, be in the Borough of Manhattan, New York City).
The Registrar shall keep a register of the Notes (the “Register”) and of their transfer and exchange.
The Company shall notify the Trustee of the name and address of any agent.
(c)           The Company may remove any Registrar, Paying Agent or Exchange Agent upon written notice to such Registrar, Paying Agent or Exchange Agent and to the Trustee; provided, however, that no such removal shall become effective until (i) if applicable, acceptance of an appointment by a successor as evidenced by an appropriate agreement entered into by the Company and such successor Registrar, Paying Agent or Exchange Agent, as the case may be, and delivered to the Trustee or (ii) notification to the Trustee that the Trustee shall serve in an agency capacity as Registrar, Paying Agent or Exchange Agent until the appointment of a successor in accordance with clause (i) above.
Prior to each due date of the principal of and interest on any Note, the Company shall deposit with the Paying Agent (or if the Company or a Wholly Owned Subsidiary of the Company is acting as Paying Agent, segregate and hold in trust for the benefit of the Persons entitled thereto) a sum sufficient to pay such principal and interest when so becoming due.
The Company shall require each Paying Agent (other than the Trustee) to agree in writing that the Paying Agent shall hold in trust for the benefit of Holders or the Trustee all money held by the Paying Agent for the payment of principal of and interest on the Notes, and shall notify the Trustee of any default by the Company in making any such payment.
If the bank that is acting as Trustee is not the Registrar, the Company shall furnish, or cause the Registrar to furnish, to the Trustee, in writing at least five Business Days before each Interest Payment Date and at such other times as the Trustee may request in writing, a list in such form and as of such date as the Trustee may reasonably require of the names and addresses of Holders.
The Register shall be in written form or in any form capable of being converted into written form within a reasonably prompt period of time.
Upon surrender for registration of transfer of any Notes to the Registrar or any co-registrar, and satisfaction of the requirements for such transfer set forth in this Section 2.07, the Company shall execute, and the Trustee shall authenticate and deliver, in the name of the designated transferee or transferees, one or more new Notes of any authorized denominations and of a like aggregate principal amount and bearing such restrictive legends as may be required by this Indenture.
Whenever any Notes are so surrendered for exchange, the Company shall execute, and the Trustee shall authenticate and deliver, the Notes that the Holder making the exchange is entitled to receive bearing registration numbers not contemporaneously outstanding.
(i)            Each Global Note authenticated under this Indenture shall be registered in the name of the Depositary or a nominee thereof and delivered to such Depositary or a nominee thereof or custodian for the Global Notes therefor, and each such Global Note shall constitute a single Note for all purposes of this Indenture.
Any Global Notes to be exchanged shall be surrendered by the Depositary to the Trustee, as Registrar, provided that pending completion of the exchange of a Global Note or upon the exchange of a portion of a Global Note, the Trustee acting as custodian for the Global Note for the Depositary or its nominee with respect to such Global Note, shall reduce the principal amount thereof, by an amount equal to the portion thereof to be so exchanged, by means of an appropriate adjustment made on the records of the Trustee.
Upon any such surrender or adjustment, the Trustee shall authenticate and make available for delivery the Notes issuable on such exchange to or upon the written order of the Depositary or an authorized representative thereof.
(v)           In the event of the occurrence of any of the events specified in clause (ii) above or upon any request described in clause (iii) above, the Company will promptly make available to the Trustee a sufficient supply of certificated Notes in definitive, fully registered form, without interest coupons.
(e)           In connection with any transfer of the Notes the Holder must complete and deliver the form of assignment set forth on the certificate representing the Note, with the appropriate box checked, to the Trustee (or any successor Trustee, as applicable), including the certification, that such Holder is a QIB and such Note is being transferred to a QIB in accordance with Rule 144A.
In connection with any transfer of the OI Inc. Common Stock issued upon exchange, if any, prior to the Resale Restriction Termination Date, the holder much complete and deliver the form of assignment set forth in Exhibit B, the appropriate box checked, to the transfer agent.
(f)            Any OI Inc. Common Stock issued upon exchange of the Notes as to which such restriction on transfer shall have expired in accordance with their terms may, upon surrender of certificates representing such shares of OI Inc. Common Stock for exchange in accordance with the procedures of the transfer agent for the OI Inc. Common Stock, be exchanged for a new certificate or certificates for a like aggregate number of shares of OI Inc. Common Stock, which shall not bear the Restricted Legend.
All notices and communications to be given to the holders of Notes and all payments to be made to holders of Notes under the Notes shall be given or made only to or upon the order of the registered holders of Notes (which shall be the Depositary or its nominee in the case of a Global Note).
If a mutilated Note is surrendered to the Registrar or if the Holder of a Note claims that the Note has been lost, destroyed or wrongfully taken, the Company shall issue and the Trustee shall authenticate a replacement Note if the requirements of Section 8-405 of the Uniform Commercial Code are met, such that the Holder (a) notifies the Company or the Trustee within a reasonable time after such Holder has notice of such loss, destruction or wrongful taking and the Registrar does not register a transfer prior to receiving such notification, (b) makes such request to the Company or the Trustee prior to the Note being acquired by a protected purchaser as defined in Section 8-303 of the Uniform
Without unreasonable delay, the Company shall prepare and the Trustee shall authenticate certificated Notes and deliver them in exchange for temporary Notes upon surrender of such temporary Notes at the office or agency of the Company, without charge to the Holder.
The Company at any time may deliver Notes to the Trustee for cancellation.
The Company shall forward to the Trustee for cancellation any Notes purchased by it.
The Registrar, the Paying Agent and the Exchange Agent shall forward to the Trustee any Notes surrendered to them for registration of transfer, exchange or payment.
payment or cancellation and shall dispose of canceled Notes in accordance with its customary procedures or deliver canceled Notes to the Company pursuant to written direction by an Officer.
The Company may not issue new Notes to replace Notes it has repurchased, paid or delivered to the Trustee for cancellation.
The Company shall fix or cause to be fixed any such special record date and payment date to the reasonable satisfaction of the Trustee and shall promptly mail or cause to be mailed to each Holder a notice that states the special record date, the payment date and the amount of defaulted interest to be paid.
In order to effect such exchange, the Company shall at least 15 days but not more than 30 days prior to the Resale Restriction Termination Date, deliver a notice of Automatic Exchange (an “Automatic Exchange Notice”) to each holder at such holder’s address appearing in the register maintained at the registrar for OI Inc. Common Stock with a copy to the transfer agent for OI Inc. Common Stock.
On or before the 20th calendar day after the occurrence of a Fundamental Change, the Company will provide to all Holders, the Trustee and Paying Agent a notice (the “Fundamental Change Notice”) of the occurrence of the Fundamental Change and of the resulting purchase right.
Such notice shall state, among other things:
(iii)          the last date on which a Holder may exercise the purchase right;
(v)           the Fundamental Change Purchase Date;
Simultaneously with providing the Fundamental Change Notice, the Company will issue a press release (and make the press release available on its website).
(c)           Exercise of Purchase Option.
To exercise the Fundamental Change repurchase option, a Holder must deliver, prior to 5:00 p.m., New York City time, on the Business Day immediately preceding the Fundamental Change Purchase Date, the Notes to be purchased, duly endorsed for transfer, if certificated, together with a written purchase notice, if certificated, in the form entitled “Form of Fundamental Change Purchase Notice” on the reverse side of the Notes duly completed (the “Fundamental Change Purchase Notice”), to the Paying Agent.
(i)            if certificated Notes have been issued, the certificate numbers of the Holder’s Notes to be delivered for purchase;
If the Notes are not in certificated form, the Fundamental Change Purchase Notice delivered by any Holder must comply with the appropriate Depositary procedures.
Holders may withdraw any Fundamental Change Purchase Notice (in whole or in part) by a written notice of withdrawal delivered to the Paying Agent prior to 5:00 p.m., New York City time, on the Business Day immediately preceding the Fundamental Change Purchase Date.
The notice of withdrawal shall state:
If the Notes are not in certificated form, the Withdrawal Notice delivered by any Holder must comply with the appropriate Depositary procedures.
The Paying Agent will promptly return to the respective Holders thereof any certificated Notes with respect to which a Fundamental Change Purchase Notice has been withdrawn in compliance with the provisions of this Section 3.01(d).
Upon receipt by the Paying Agent of the Fundamental Change Purchase Notice specified in Section 3.01(c), the Holder of the Note in respect of which such Fundamental Change Purchase Notice was given shall (unless such Fundamental Change Purchase Notice is withdrawn in accordance with Section 3.01(d)) thereafter be entitled to receive solely the Fundamental Change Purchase Price in cash with respect to such Note.
Prior to 10:00 a.m., New York City time, on the Fundamental Change Purchase Date, the Company shall deposit with the Paying Agent (or, if the Company or a Wholly Owned Subsidiary of the Company is acting as the Paying Agent, shall segregate and hold in trust as provided herein) an amount of money (in immediately available funds if deposited on such Business Day) sufficient to pay the Fundamental Change Purchase Price of all the Notes or portions thereof that are to be purchased as of the Fundamental Change Purchase Date.
(g)           Notes Purchased in Whole or in Part.
Any Note that is to be purchased, whether in whole or in part, shall be surrendered at the office of the Paying Agent (with, if the Company or the Trustee so requires in the case of certificated Notes, due endorsement by, or a written instrument of transfer in form satisfactory to the Company and the Trustee duly executed by, the Holder thereof or such Holder’s attorney duly authorized in writing) and the Company shall execute and the Trustee shall authenticate and deliver to the Holder of such Note, without
The Company shall deliver to the Trustee within 120 days after the end of each fiscal year of the Company an Officers’ Certificate stating that in the course of the performance by the signers of their duties as Officers of the Company they would normally have knowledge of any Default and whether or not the signers know of any Default that occurred during such period.
The Company shall deliver to the Trustee, forthwith upon becoming aware of any Default or Event of Default, a statement specifying such Default or Event of Default (the “Notice of Default”).
(iii)          the Company shall have delivered or caused to be delivered to the Trustee an Officers’ Certificate and an Opinion of Counsel, each stating that such transactions described above and such supplemental indenture (if any) comply with this Indenture.
(b)           No Guarantor shall sell or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of its assets to, or consolidate with or merge with or into (whether or not such Guarantor is the surviving Person), another Person, other than the Company or another Guarantor, unless:
(v)       admits in writing its inability generally to pay its debts as the same become due; and
Section 6.02      Acceleration.If an Event of Default (other than an Event of Default specified in Section 6.01(k) or (l) with respect to the Company, OI Group, OI Inc. or a Significant Subsidiary of OI Group) occurs and is continuing, the Trustee by notice to the Company, or the Holders of at least 25% in principal amount of the then outstanding Notes by notice to the Company and the Trustee, may, and the Trustee at the request of such Holders shall, declare 100% of the principal of and accrued but unpaid interest on all the Notes to be due and payable, provided, however, that the Trustee shall be held harmless with respect to any such declaration at the request of such Holders.
Section 6.04      Waiver of Past Defaults.The Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the then outstanding Notes by notice to the Trustee may, on behalf of all Holders of all of the Notes (1) waive any existing Default or Event of Default and its consequences under the Indenture except (a) a continuing Default or Event of Default in the payment of the principal of or interest, including a Default arising from a failure to purchase any Notes when required upon a Fundamental Change, on a Note or (b) a Default with respect to the Company’s failure to deliver upon exchange the cash portion of the Exchange Consideration or OI Inc.’s failure to deliver upon exchange the portion of the Exchange Consideration that consists of shares of OI Inc. Common Stock, if any, and (2) rescind any such acceleration with
(i)            the Holder has previously given to the Trustee written notice stating that an Event of Default is continuing;
(ii)           the Holders of at least 25% in principal amount of the Notes have made a written request to the Trustee to pursue the remedy;
Section 6.09      Trustee May File Proofs of Claim.
FIRST:  to the Trustee for amounts due under Section 7.06;
THIRD:  to the Company.
At least 15 days before such record date, the Trustee shall mail to each Holder and the Company a notice that states the record date, the payment date and amount to be paid.
In order to elect to pay the Reporting Default Additional Interest as the sole remedy during the first 365 days after the occurrence of an Event of Default relating to OI Group’s or OI Inc.’s obligations pursuant to Section 4.02(a), the Company must notify the Holders and the Trustee and Paying Agent of such election, and make the notice available on the Company’s website, on or before 5:00 p.m., New York City time, on the fifth Business Day after the date on which such Event of Default otherwise would occur.
Upon the Company’s failure to timely give such notice, the Notes will be immediately subject to acceleration as provided in Section 6.02.
(n)           The Trustee may request that the Company and the Guarantor each deliver a certificate setting forth the names of individuals and/or titles of officers authorized at such time to take specified actions pursuant to the Indenture.
The Trustee shall not be charged with knowledge of any Default or Event of Default under Sections 6.01(c), (d), (e), (f), (g), (h), (i), (j), (k) or (l) or of the identity of any Significant Subsidiary unless a Trust Officer of the Trustee shall have received written notice thereof in accordance with Section 12.01 from the Company, the Guarantor or any Holder referencing this Indenture and the specific Default or Event of Default.
If a Default or Event of Default occurs and is continuing and if in the case of an Event of Default specified in Section 6.01(a) or (b) it is actually known to the Trustee, or otherwise, if the Trustee has received written notice thereof, the Trustee shall mail to each Holder notice of the Default within the earlier of 90 days after it occurs or 30 days after it is actually known to a Trust Officer in the event of a payment default under Section 6.01(a) or 6.01(b) or written notice of it is received by a Trust Officer of the Trustee.
(c)           A successor Trustee shall deliver a written acceptance of its appointment to the retiring Trustee and to the Company.
The successor Trustee shall mail a notice of its succession to the Holders.
The retiring Trustee shall promptly transfer all property held by it as Trustee to the successor Trustee, subject to the lien provided for in Section 7.06.
In case, at the time such successor or successors by merger, conversion or consolidation to the Trustee shall succeed to the trusts created by this Indenture, any of the Notes shall have been authenticated but not delivered, any such successor to the Trustee may adopt the certificate of authentication of any predecessor trustee, and deliver such Notes so authenticated; and in case at that time any of the Notes shall not have been authenticated, any successor to the Trustee may authenticate such Notes either in the name of any predecessor hereunder or in the name of the successor to the Trustee; and in all such cases such certificates shall have the full force which is anywhere in the Notes or in this Indenture provided that the certificate of the Trustee shall have.
Each of the Trustee and the Paying Agent shall promptly turn over to the Company upon request any money or to OI Inc. upon request any shares of OI Inc. Common Stock due in respect of exchanged Notes held by it as provided in this Article VIII are in excess of the amount thereof which would then be required to be deposited to effect an equivalent discharge in accordance with this Article VIII.
After an amendment under this Section 9.01 becomes effective, the Company shall mail to Holders a notice briefly describing such amendment and make such notice available on the Company’s website.
(vi)          make any Note payable in a currency other than that stated in the Note;
After an amendment under this Section 9.02 becomes effective, the Company shall mail to Holders a notice briefly describing such amendment and make such notice available on the Company’s website.
If an amendment changes the terms of a Note, the Trustee may require the Holder of the Note to deliver it to the Trustee.
The Trustee may place an appropriate notation on the Note regarding the changed terms and return it to the Holder.
Alternatively, if the Company or the Trustee so determines, the Company in exchange for the Note shall issue and the Trustee shall authenticate a new Note that reflects the changed terms.
If it does, the Trustee may, but need not, sign it.
If any amount shall be paid to any Guarantor on account of such subrogation rights at any time when all of the Obligations shall not have been paid in full, such amount shall be held by such Guarantor in trust for the Trustee and the Holders, segregated from other funds of such Guarantor, and shall, forthwith upon receipt by such Guarantor, be turned over to the Trustee in the exact form received by such Guarantor (duly indorsed by such Guarantor to the Trustee, if required), to be applied against the Obligations.
Section 10.08         Additional Guarantors; Reinstatement of Guarantees.Until such time as all Guarantees by the Guarantors under this Indenture shall have been released in accordance with Section 10.10, OI Group shall cause each direct or indirect Domestic Subsidiary of OI Group that guarantees the Company’s Indebtedness under the Credit Agreement, including the reinstatement or renewal of a guarantee of Indebtedness under the Credit Agreement previously released under the Credit Agreement, to execute and deliver a supplement to this Indenture providing that such Domestic Subsidiary will be a Guarantor hereunder and deliver an Opinion of Counsel to the Trustee within 10 Business Days of the date on which it executes a Guarantee under the Credit Agreement.
In addition, OI Group shall cause each direct or indirect Domestic Subsidiary of OI Group that, directly or indirectly, guarantees the payment of any other Indebtedness of the Company or OI Group to simultaneously execute and deliver a supplemental indenture providing for the guarantee of the payment of the Notes by such Domestic Subsidiary, which Guarantee shall be senior to or pari passu with such Subsidiary’s Guarantee of such other Indebtedness.
(a)     Upon the release of a Guarantee by a Domestic Subsidiary under the Credit Agreement, the Guarantee of such Domestic Subsidiary under this Indenture will be released and discharged at such time and the Trustee shall execute an appropriate instrument evidencing such release.
Whenever the Notes shall become exchangeable pursuant to this Section 11.01(a), the Company shall notify the Holders and the Trustee in writing and shall make such notice available on the Company’s website.
Whenever the Notes shall become exchangeable pursuant to this Section 11.01(b), the Company shall notify the Holders and the Trustee in writing and make such notice available to the Company’s website.
If, at any time after the Trading Price condition has been met, the Trading Price per $1,000 principal amount of Notes is greater than or equal to 98% of the product of the Last Reported Sale Price of OI Inc. Common Stock and the applicable Exchange Rate, the Company will so notify the Holders and the Trustee in writing.
Prior to 5:00 p.m., New York City time, on the Business Day immediately preceding March 1, 2015, if OI Inc. elects to:
then, in each case, the Company shall notify the Trustee and the Holders in writing at least 25 Scheduled Trading Days prior to the Ex-Dividend Date for such distribution.
The Company shall also issue a press release, and make the press release available on the Company’s website, announcing the satisfaction of this exchange contingency.
Once the Company has given such notice, a Holder may surrender all or a portion of its Notes for exchange at any time from, and including, the date the Company mails such notice until the earlier of (i) 5:00 p.m., New York City time, on the Business Day immediately prior to the Ex-Dividend Date or (ii) the date of OI
Prior to 5:00 p.m., New York City time, on the Business Day immediately preceding March 1, 2015, in the event of a Fundamental Change (without regard to the exclusion of transactions involving Publicly Traded Securities in the paragraph following clause (6) of the definition of Fundamental Change) or a Make-Whole Fundamental Change, a Holder may surrender all or a portion of its Notes for exchange at any time from and after the date which is the later of the 25th Scheduled Trading Day prior to the anticipated effective date of such transaction and the Business Day after the Company has given notice of such transaction until (i) in the case of a Fundamental Change, the later of the 30th Business Day after the actual effective date of such transaction or the Business Day immediately preceding the Fundamental Change Purchase Date corresponding to such Fundamental Change, and (ii) in the case of a Make-Whole Fundamental Change that does not constitute a Fundamental Change, the 20th Business Day immediately following the Effective Date of such Make-Whole Fundamental Change.
The Company will notify Holders and the Trustee and issue a press release, and make the press release available on the Company’s website, as soon as practicable following the date the Company publicly announces the anticipate effective date of such transaction but in no event later than 25 Scheduled Trading Days prior to the anticipated effective date of such transaction, or, if at such time the Company does not have knowledge of such transaction or its anticipated effective date, within three Business Days after the date upon which the Company received notice or otherwise became aware of such transaction and its anticipated effective date, but in no event later than the actual effective date of such transaction.
The Company will update its notice and issue a press release, and make the press release available on the Company’s website, promptly if the anticipated effective date subsequently changes.
On or after March 1, 2015, a Holder may exchange all or a portion of its Notes at any time prior to 5:00 p.m., New York City time, on the second Scheduled Trading Day immediately preceding the Maturity Date.
(i)            complete and manually sign an irrevocable notice of exchange in the form entitled “Exchange Notice” attached to the reverse of such certificated Note (or a facsimile thereof) (an “Exchange Notice”);
(ii)           deliver such Exchange Notice and certificated Note to the Exchange Agent at the office of the Exchange Agent;
(iv)          if required pursuant to Section 11.02(g), pay all transfer or similar taxes or duties; and
If a Holder has submitted any Notes for purchase pursuant to Section 3.01, such Notes may be exchanged only if the Holder submits a withdrawal notice in accordance with Section 3.01(d), and if such Notes are evidenced by a Global Note, if the Holder complies with appropriate Depositary procedures.
Each Note shall be deemed to have been exchanged immediately prior to 5:00 p.m., New York City time, on the Exchange Date and the Holder shall be treated as a Holder of record of any OI Inc. Common Stock issued upon the exchange of such Note on the final day of the applicable Cash Settlement Averaging Period.
The Company shall deliver the cash and OI Inc. shall deliver the shares of OI Inc. Common Stock, if any, on the third Business Day immediately following the last Trading Day of the applicable Cash Settlement Averaging Period; provided, however, that if, on or prior to the Exchange Date for any exchanged Note, OI Inc. Common Stock has been replaced by Reference Property consisting solely of cash pursuant to Section 11.05, the Company shall deliver the cash due in respect of such Note on the third Business Day immediately following the applicable Exchange Date.
(e)           In case any Note shall be surrendered for partial exchange, the Company shall execute and the Trustee shall authenticate and deliver to or upon the written order of the Holder of the Notes so surrendered, without charge to such Holder, a new Note or Notes in authorized denominations in an aggregate principal amount equal to the unexchanged portion of the surrendered Note.
(A)          if the Notes are surrendered for exchange after 5:00 p.m., New York City time, on November 15, 2015, which is the Regular Record Date immediately preceding the Maturity Date;
(B)           if the Company has specified a Fundamental Change Purchase Date that is after a Regular Record Date and on or prior to the Business Day immediately following the corresponding Interest Payment Date and the Holder exchanges its Notes after such Regular Record Date and on or prior to such corresponding Interest Payment Date; or
OI Inc. shall deliver cash in lieu of any fractional shares of OI Inc. Common Stock issuable in connection with an exchange of Notes equal to the product of (i) such fraction of a share and (ii) the daily VWAP of OI Inc. Common Stock on the last Trading Day of the applicable Cash Settlement Averaging Period.
(a) If a Make-Whole Fundamental Change occurs and a Holder elects to exchange its Notes at any time during the Make-Whole Fundamental Change Period,
5.1361
(g)           The Company shall notify the Trustee and the Holders in writing of the anticipated Effective Date of such Make-Whole Fundamental Change, and issue a press release (and make such press release available on its website), as soon as practicable after public announcement by the Company of the anticipated Effective Date of such Make-Whole Fundamental Change, but in no event less than 25 Scheduled Trading Days prior to the anticipated Effective Date of such Make-Whole Fundamental Change, or, if at such time the Company does not have knowledge of such Make-Whole Fundamental Change or the anticipated Effective Date of such Make-Whole Fundamental Change, within three Business Day after the date upon which the Company receives notice or otherwise becomes aware of  such transaction and its anticipate Effective Date, but in no event later than the actual Effective Date of such transaction.
The Company shall update its notice, and issue a press release (and make such press release available on its website), promptly if the anticipated Effective Date subsequently changes.
ER0                      =        the applicable Exchange Rate in effect immediately prior to 9:00 a.m., New York City time, on the Ex-Dividend Date of such dividend or distribution, or immediately prior to 9:00 a.m., New York City time, on the effective date of such share split or share combination, as the case may be;
ER                           =        the applicable Exchange Rate in effect immediately after 9:00 a.m., New York City time, on such Ex-Dividend Date or immediately after 9:00 a.m., New York City time, on the effective date of such dividend or distribution, or immediately after 9:00 a.m., New York City time, on the effective date of such share split or share combination, as the case may be;
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if “FMW” (as defined above) is equal to or greater than “SP0” (as defined above), in lieu of the foregoing adjustments, the Company shall deliver to each Holder (without such Holder having to exchange its Notes), in respect of each $1,000 principal amount thereof, at the same time and upon the same terms as holders of OI Inc. Common Stock receive the distributed property, the amount and kind of distributed property that such Holder would have received if such Holder had owned a number of shares of OI Inc. Common Stock equal to the Exchange Rate in effect on the record date for the distribution.
The adjustment to the applicable Exchange Rate under the preceding paragraph of this Section 11.04(c) will be made immediately after 9:00 a.m., New York City time, on the day after the last day of the Valuation Period, but will be given effect as of 9:00 a.m., New York City time, on the Ex-Dividend Date for the Spin-Off.
Notwithstanding the foregoing , if “C” (as defined above) is equal to or greater than “SP0” (as defined above), in lieu of the foregoing adjustment, the Company shall deliver to each Holder (without such Holder having to exchange its Notes), in respect of each $1,000 principal amount of Notes held by such Holder, at the same time and upon the same terms as holders of shares of OI Inc. Common Stock receive the distributed property, the amount of cash that such Holder would have received if such Holder had owned a number of shares of OI Inc. Common Stock equal to the applicable Exchange Rate on the record date for such cash distribution.
deliver to such Holder as it determines is appropriate to reflect such Holder’s participation in the related dividend, distribution or other event giving rise to the adjustment.
(h)           Whenever the Exchange Rate is adjusted as herein provided, the Company shall promptly file with the Trustee and any Exchange Agent an Officers’ Certificate setting forth the Exchange Rate after such adjustment and setting forth a brief statement of the facts requiring such adjustment.
Promptly after delivery of such certificate, the Company shall issue a press release containing the relevant information (and make such press release available on its website).
Failure to deliver such notice or make such press release available shall not affect the legality or validity of any such adjustment.
in each case as a result of which OI Inc. Common Stock would be converted into, or exchanged for, common stock, other securities or other property or assets (including cash or any combination thereof) (each, a “Reorganization Event”), then, at the effective time of the Reorganization Event, the Company or the Successor Company, as the case may be, shall execute with the Trustee a supplemental indenture (which shall comply with the TIA as in force at the date of execution of such supplemental indenture) providing that at and after such effective time the right to exchange a Note based on OI Inc. Common Stock will, without the consent of the Holders, be changed into a right to exchange each $1,000 principal amount of Notes based on the kind and amount of shares of common stock, other securities or other property or assets (including cash or any combination thereof) that a holder of a number of shares of OI Inc. Common Stock equal to the Exchange Rate immediately prior to such Reorganization Event would have owned or been entitled to receive (the “Reference Property,” with each “unit of Reference Property” meaning the type and amount of Reference Property that a holder of one share of OI Inc. Common Stock is entitled to receive) upon such Reorganization Event.
election and the Company will notify Holders of the weighted average as soon as practicable after such determination is made.
The Company shall cause notice of the execution of such supplemental indenture to be mailed to each Holder, at the address of such Holder as it appears on the Register, within 20 days after execution thereof.
the Company shall cause to be filed with the Trustee and the Exchange Agent and to be mailed to each Holder at its address appearing on the Register provided for in Section 2.05, as promptly as possible but in any event at least 20 days prior to the applicable date hereinafter specified, a notice stating (i) the declaration date of the dividend or other distribution, (ii) the date on which a record is to be taken for the purpose of such dividend, distribution or rights, options or warrants, or, if a record is not to be taken, the date as of which the holders of OI Inc. Common Stock of record to be entitled to such dividend, distribution or rights are to be determined or (iii) the date on which such reclassification, share exchange, consolidation, merger, conveyance, transfer, sale, lease or other disposition, dissolution, liquidation or winding up is expected to become effective or occur, and the date as of which it is expected that holders of OI Inc. Common Stock of record shall be entitled to exchange their OI Inc. Common Stock for Notes or other property deliverable upon such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer, dissolution, liquidation or winding up.
Neither the Trustee nor the Exchange Agent shall be responsible for determining whether any event contemplated by Section 11.01 has occurred that makes the Notes eligible for exchange or no longer eligible therefor until the Company has delivered to the Trustee and the Exchange Agent the notices referred to in Section 11.01 with respect to the commencement or termination of such exchange rights, on which notices the Trustee and the Exchange Agent may conclusively rely, and the Company agrees to deliver such notices to the Trustee and the Exchange Agent immediately after the occurrence of any such event or at such other times as shall be provided for in Section 11.01.
(a) Any notice or communication is duly given if in writing and delivered in person or sent by first-class mail (registered or certified, return receipt requested), telecopier or overnight air courier guaranteeing next-day delivery, addressed as follows:
If to the Company:
Telephone: (567) 336-5000
Facsimile: (419) 247-7107
If to OI Inc.:
Telephone: (567) 336-5000
Facsimile: (419) 247-7107
If to the Trustee:
Telephone: (651) 495-3909
Facsimile: (651) 495-1221
The Company, OI Inc. or the Trustee by notice to the others may designate additional or different addresses for subsequent notices or communications.
All notices and communications mailed to a Holder shall be mailed to the Holder at the Holder’s address as it appears on the Register.
Any notice or communication to a Holder shall be mailed by first-class mail.
Failure to mail a notice or communication to a Holder or any defect in it shall not affect its sufficiency with respect to other Holders.
If the Company mails a notice or communication to Holders, it shall mail a copy to the Trustee at the same time.
If a notice or communication is mailed in the manner provided above within the time prescribed, it is duly given, whether or not the addressee receives it.
(a)           an Officers’ Certificate stating that, in the opinion of the signers, all conditions precedent, if any, provided for in this Indenture relating to the proposed action have been complied with; and
The Trustee will forward the Company’s calculations to any Holder upon request.
Holders must surrender Notes to a Paying Agent to collect principal payments.
registered address of each Holder thereof; provided, however, that payments on the Notes may also be made, in the case of a Holder of at least $5,000,000 aggregate principal amount of Notes, by wire transfer to a U.S. dollar account maintained by the payee with a bank in the United States if such Holder elects payment by wire transfer by giving written notice to the Registrar to such effect designating such account not later than the relevant Regular Record Date, which application shall remain in effect until the Holder provides written notice to the Registrar to the contrary.
Paying Agent and Registrar
The Company may appoint and change any Paying Agent or Registrar without notice.
Purchase of Notes at the Option of Holders upon Fundamental Change
immediately preceding the Maturity Date, to exchange any Notes or portion thereof that is $1,000 or multiples thereof at an Exchange Rate specified in the Indenture, as adjusted from time to time as provided in the Indenture, upon surrender of this Note, together with an Exchange Notice as provided in the Indenture and this Note, to the Company at the office or agency of the Company maintained for that purpose in New York City and, unless the shares of OI Inc. Common Stock issuable on exchange are to be issued in the same name as this Note, duly endorsed by, or accompanied by instruments of transfer in form satisfactory to the Company duly executed by, the Holder or by its duly authorized attorney.
A Holder may transfer or exchange Notes in accordance with the Indenture.
Upon any transfer or exchange, the Registrar and the Trustee may require a Holder, among other things, to furnish appropriate endorsements or transfer documents and to pay any taxes required by law or permitted by the Indenture.
The Notes may thereafter be transferred only to QIBs.
Except to enforce the right to receive payment of principal or interest when due, or the right to receive payment or delivery of the Exchange Consideration due upon exchange, no Holder may pursue any remedy with respect to the Indenture or the Notes unless (a) such Holder has previously given the Trustee notice that an Event of Default is continuing, (b) Holders of at least 25% in principal amount of the outstanding Notes have requested the Trustee in writing to pursue the remedy, (c) such Holders have offered the Trustee reasonable security or indemnity against any loss, liability or expense, (d) the Trustee has not complied with such request within 60 days after the receipt of the request and the offer of security or indemnity and (e) the Holders of a majority in principal amount of the outstanding Notes have not given the Trustee a direction inconsistent with such request within such 60-day period.
The Company will furnish to any Holder of Notes upon written request and without charge to the Holder a copy of the Indenture which has in it the text of this Note.
The undersigned registered owner of this Note hereby irrevocably exercises the option to exchange this Note, or the portion thereof (which is $1,000 or a multiple thereof) below designated in accordance with the terms of the Indenture referred to in this Note, and directs that the cash deliverable by the Company and shares of OI Inc. Common Stock, if any, deliverable by OI Inc. upon such exchange and any Notes representing any unexchanged principal amount hereof, be issued and delivered to the registered holder hereof unless a different name has been indicated below.
Signature Guarantee
Please print name and address
(Street Address)
The Notes shall be purchased by the Company as of the Fundamental Change Purchase Date pursuant to the terms and conditions specified in the Indenture.
To assign this Note, fill in the form below:
I or we assign and transfer this Note to
(Print or type assignee’s name, address and zip code)
Date:
Sign exactly as your name appears on the other side of this Note.
CERTIFICATE TO BE DELIVERED UPON EXCHANGE OR REGISTRATION OF RESTRICTED NOTES
o                                    has requested the Trustee by written order to deliver in exchange for its beneficial interest in the Global Note held by the Depositary a Note or Notes in definitive, registered form of authorized denominations and an aggregate principal amount equal to its beneficial interest in such Global Note (or the portion thereof indicated above);
o                                    has requested the Trustee by written order to exchange or register the transfer of a Note or Notes.
Date:
TO BE COMPLETED BY PURCHASER IF (2) ABOVE IS CHECKED.
To assign this Security, fill in the form below:
I or we assign and transfer this Security to
(Print or type assignee’s name, address and zip code)
Date:
Sign exactly as your name appears on the other side of this Security.
o                                    has requested the Transfer Agent by written order to deliver in exchange for its beneficial interest in the Securities held by the Depositary Securities in definitive, registered form of authorized shares in an equal number to the Securities (or the portion thereof indicated above);
o                                    has requested the Transfer Agent by written order to exchange or register the transfer of Securities.
Date:
TO BE COMPLETED BY PURCHASER IF (3) ABOVE IS CHECKED.
NOTICE:  To be executed by an executive officer
