Compensation.
3.1 Salary.
The Company shall pay the Executive during the Term a salary at the rate of $350,000 per annum (the “Annual Salary”), in accordance with the customary payroll practices of the Company applicable to senior executives generally.
The Annual Salary may be increased but not decreased from time to time by an amount and on such conditions as may be approved by the Board or the Compensation Committee of the Board (the “Compensation Committee”), and upon such increase, the increased amount shall thereafter be deemed to be the
Annual Salary.
The Executive’s Annual Salary shall be reviewed at least one (1) time per year by the Board or the Compensation Committee.
Annual Salary will be paid in monthly or bi-monthly installments as determined by the Board, and no Annual Salary will be paid later than 75 days after the conclusion of any calendar year in which such Annual Salary is deemed earned and payable to the Executive.3.2 Short-Term and Long-Term Incentive Compensation.
The Executive will be eligible to receive annual cash and equity bonus compensation.
The annual bonus threshold, target and maximum levels for the Executive for calendar year 2015 are described on Attachment A. Additionally, the Executive will be eligible to participate in the Company’s 2012 Other Equity-Based Award Plan, as amended (the “2012 LTIP Plan”) and any subsequent equity incentive plan approved by the Board (each and any of the foregoing is a “Company Incentive Plan”) for long-term equity incentive compensation (any equity compensation granted to the Executive by the Company, whether under a Company Incentive Plan or otherwise approved by the Board, and whether in the form of restricted stock, stock options, long-term incentive plan units, stock appreciation rights or other equity or equity-linked awards, is, collectively, “Equity Compensation”).
The Equity Compensation threshold, target and maximum award levels for the Executive for calendar year 2015 are set forth on Attachment A.
The terms of the Executive’s annual bonus compensation, any Company Incentive Plan and any awards made under such programs will be subject to the approval of the Board or the Compensation Committee.3.3 Benefits–In General.
The Company shall pay 100% of the premium cost of the Company’s health insurance coverage provided to the Executive (and the Executive’s dependents, if applicable) by the Company from time to time.
To the extent the Company’s group life and disability insurance plans do not provide this level of benefits, the Executive shall be entitled to additional benefits so that his long-term disability coverage provides benefits (to continue for such period as is provided in the applicable disability plan or program, as amended from time to time, and with waiting periods and pre-existing condition exceptions waived to the extent such coverage is available on commercially reasonable terms) equal to sixty-six and two-thirds percent (66 2/3 %) of his Annual Salary in the case of a covered disability, and life insurance coverage with a face amount equal to $1,000,000.
Premiums on all primary or supplemental disability policies provided by the Company under this Agreement shall be paid by the Company, provided that the value of such premiums shall be taxed as income to the Executive.3.6 Expenses.
The Company shall pay or reimburse the Executive for all ordinary and reasonable out-of-pocket expenses actually incurred and, in the case of reimbursement, actually paid by the Executive during the Term in connection with the performance of the Executive’s services under this Agreement, including travel and lodging expenses for travel between New York, New York; Richmond, Virginia; and Tampa, Florida; provided that the Executive shall submit such expenses in accordance with the policies applicable to senior executives of the Company generally.
3.7 Earned and Accrued Bonus.
For purposes of this Agreement, with respect to “Earned and Accrued Bonus” payments to be made to the Executive in connection with the termination of his employment, annual bonus payments and Equity Compensation awards shall be deemed to be “earned and accrued” (a) if, with respect to annual bonus payments, the Executive is employed with the Company as of the date of the last day of the period in respect of which a bonus payment shall be made and, with respect to Equity Compensation awards, the Executive is employed with the Company as of the date such award vests; and (b) to the extent that the criteria or performance goals for determining the amount of such payment or award are objective and measurable criteria, and such objective and measurable criteria have been satisfied or achieved.
Earned and Accrued Bonus specifically includes, without limitation, any cash payments or shares of the Company’s common stock payable to Executive in connection with any annual bonus compensation and Equity Compensation that is awarded and vested.
A prorated portion of the Executive’s annual bonus will be paid in accordance with the termination provisions of this Agreement.3.8 Bonus upon a Successful Capital Transaction.
Upon the occurrence of a Successful Capital Transaction (as defined in Section 2(b) of Attachment A), the Executive shall be granted a one-time Equity Compensation award in an amount equal to $1,000,000, as described in Section 2(b) of Attachment A.
any reduction not permitted by this Agreement), plus the greater of (A) the annual bonus most recently earned by the Executive, whether paid or unpaid, and (B) the average annual bonus actually paid for the last three full fiscal years (“Average Annual Bonus”), payable in equal installments over the period that corresponds to the period during which the covenants provided in Section 6.2 hereof are to be applicable in accordance with the Company’s usual and customary salary payroll practices.
The Company shall be entitled to recover from Executive the costs and attorneys’ fees it incurs to enforce the provisions of this section.7.
To the extent permitted by applicable law and not prohibited by the Company’s certificate of incorporation and bylaws, the Company will pay all expenses (including the reasonable expenses of the Executive, including his reasonable legal fees, if the Executive is the prevailing party in such arbitration) incurred in connection with arbitration 11
and the fees and expenses of the arbitrators and will advance such expenses from time to time as required.
The amount of any payment under this Section 7.16(a) shall be computed by a certified public accounting firm mutually and reasonably acceptable to the Executive and the Company, the computation expenses of which shall be paid by the Company.
If the amount calculated under (i) above is less than the amount calculated under (ii) above, then the Payment shall be limited to the extent necessary to avoid being subject to the Excise Tax (the “Reduced Amount”).
The reduction of the Payments due hereunder, if applicable, shall be made by first reducing cash Payments and then, to the extent necessary, reducing those Payments having the next highest ratio of Parachute Value to actual present value of such 14
Payments as of the date of the change of control, as determined by the Determination Firm (as defined below).
During the Term, the Company will maintain directors’ and officers’ liability insurance in a coverage amount of not less than Ten Million and No/00 Dollars ($10,000,000) unless Executive’s termination is for Cause, and if the policy is issued on a “claims made” basis, the Company will provide a “tail policy” covering Executive in the same amount for at least three (3) years following the Term.7.18 409A.
Each payment under this Agreement shall be treated as a separate identified payment for purposes of Section 409A.
(a) With respect to any reimbursement of expenses of, or any provision of in-kind benefits to, the Executive, as specified under this Agreement, such reimbursement of expenses or provision of in-kind benefits shall be subject to the following conditions: (a) the expenses eligible for reimbursement or the amount of in-kind benefits provided in one taxable year shall not affect the expenses eligible for reimbursement or the amount of in-kind benefits provided in any other taxable year, except for any medical reimbursement arrangement providing for the reimbursement of expenses referred to in Section 105(b) of the Tax Code; (b) the reimbursement of an eligible expense shall be made no later than the end of the year after the year in which such expense was incurred; and (c) the right to reimbursement or in-kind benefits shall not be subject to liquidation or exchange for another benefit.
If a payment obligation under this Agreement arises on account of the Executive’s “separation from service” (as defined under Treas.
Section 1.409A-1(h)), any payment of “deferred compensation” (as defined under Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(b)(1), after giving effect to the exemptions in Treasury Regulation Sections 1.409A-1(b)(3) through (b)(12)) that is scheduled to be paid within six months after such separation from service shall accrue without interest and shall be paid on the first day of the seventh month beginning after the date of the Executive’s separation from service or, if earlier, within 15 days after the appointment of the personal representative or executor of the Executive’s estate following his death.7.19 Expenses.
The Company agrees to reimburse the Executive for legal fees and expenses incurred by him in the review and negotiation of this Agreement, not to exceed Five Thousand Dollars ($5,000).
[Signature page follows.]
Annual Cash and Equity Bonus Compensation.
Executive shall be eligible to receive annual cash and equity bonus compensation during the term of this Agreement, subject to the terms and conditions established annually by the Board or Compensation Committee and any applicable award agreement.
Executive’s bonus will be subject to Executive’s achievement of performance criteria established annually by the Board or Compensation Committee, which will be based 80% on corporate goals and 20% on individual goals.
The threshold, target and maximum annual bonus levels for Executive for calendar year 2015 shall be equal to $250,000, $350,000 and $450,000, respectively.
Executive’s annual bonus for calendar year 2015 shall not be prorated.
Executive’s bonus will be paid 50% in cash and 50% in long-term incentive plan units (“LTIP Units”) of the Company.
For each fiscal year, Executive’s bonus, if any, will be paid to Executive in a lump sum on or before seventy five (75) days after the end of such fiscal year.
For the avoidance of doubt, if Executive is employed on the last day of the calendar year in which such bonus relates, he will be paid the bonus at the same time as other similarly situated employees were scheduled to be paid their bonuses regardless of whether Executive is then employed on such payment date.2.
Equity Compensation.
Equity Compensation awards granted to Executive under any Company Incentive Plan will be subject to Executive’s achievement of performance criteria over a three-year performance period, which performance criteria will be established by the Board or Compensation Committee.
The threshold, target and maximum Equity Compensation award levels for Executive for calendar year 2015 shall be equal to $200,000, $350,000 and $500,000, respectively, subject to such vesting or forfeiture restrictions as the Compensation Committee shall determine.
Executive’s Equity Compensation award for calendar year 2015 shall be in the form of LTIP Units and shall not be prorated.
One-time Equity Grant.
Within ten (10) days following the Effective Date, Executive will also be granted a one-time Equity Compensation award of One Hundred Thousand (100,000) LTIP Units that vest annually over four (4) years, with twenty-five percent (25%) vesting on each of the first, second, third, and fourth anniversaries of the Effective Date and subject to such other terms and conditions as the Compensation Committee shall determine.
