Dated: May 21, 2019
Sale and Delivery to Underwriters; Closing
Bring-down Comfort Letter
Schedule D — Issuer Free Writing Prospectus
“Applicable Time” means 5:15 P.M. (Eastern Time) on the date of this Agreement.
(xxxviii)   Listing.
(xli)               Bids or Purchases.
Sale and Delivery to Underwriters; Closing.
Certificates for the Securities (which shall be in the form of a Global Note) shall be in such denominations and registered in such names as the Underwriters may request in writing at least one full business day before the Closing Time.
The certificates representing the Securities shall be made available for examination and packaging by the Underwriters in The City of New York not later than 10:00 A.M. on the last business day prior to the Closing Time.
The Company will deliver to the Underwriters as many copies of the Registration Statement (including all exhibits thereto) and, during the period when the delivery of a prospectus relating to the Securities (or in lieu thereof, the notice required by Rule 173(a) under the Securities Act) is required to be delivered under the Securities Act in connection with the offering or sale of the Securities by any Underwriter or dealer, as many copies of any preliminary prospectus, the Prospectus, any other prospectus relating to the Securities and each Issuer Free Writing Prospectus and any and all amendments and supplements to each such document and any documents incorporated by reference therein as such Underwriter may reasonably request.
From the date of this Agreement up until the later of (i) 14 days following the date hereof or (ii) the Closing Time (both dates inclusive), prior to issuing any formal press announcement or participating in any press conference, the Company will, and will cause its subsidiaries and all other parties acting on its behalf, to notify and consult with the Underwriters.
If not publicly available through the Commission’s Electronic Data Gathering, Analysis, and Retrieval (EDGAR) system, for a period of two years from the Closing Time, the Company will upon request give to the Underwriters copies of all annual reports and such other documents, reports and information as shall be provided by the Company to its shareholders, Security holders or security holders generally.
At the Closing Time, the Underwriters shall have received the favorable opinions, dated as of the Closing Time, of Fried, Frank, Harris, Shriver & Jacobson LLP, United States counsel to the Company, and Mijares, Angoitia, Cortés y Fuentes, S.C., Mexican counsel to the Company; in each case in form and substance satisfactory to counsel for the Underwriters, together with signed or reproduced copies of such letter for each Underwriter and to such further effect as counsel to the Underwriters may reasonably request.
At the Closing Time, the Underwriters shall have received the favorable opinion, dated as of the Closing Time, of Paul Hastings LLP, United States counsel to the Underwriters, and Ritch, Mueller, Heather y Nicolau, S.C., Mexican Counsel to the Underwriters, together with signed or reproduced copies of such letter for each Underwriter, in each case in form and substance satisfactory to the Underwriters.
At the time of the execution of this Agreement, the Underwriters shall have received from each of KPMG Cárdenas Dosal, S.C. and PricewaterhouseCoopers, S.C. a letter dated such date, in form and substance satisfactory to the Underwriters, together with signed or reproduced copies of such letter for each Underwriter containing statements and information of the type ordinarily included in accountants’ “comfort letters” to Underwriters with respect to the Company Financial Statements and certain financial information contained in the Preliminary Prospectus, each other document comprising any part of the General Disclosure Package, as supplemented or amended, and the Prospectus.
At the Closing Time, the Underwriters shall have received from each of KPMG Cárdenas Dosal, S.C. and PricewaterhouseCoopers, S.C. a letter, dated as of the Closing Time, to the effect that they reaffirm the statements made in the letter furnished pursuant to subsection (d) of this Section 6, except that the specified date referred to shall be a date not more than three business days prior to the Closing Time.
The Company shall have furnished to the Underwriters (i) certified copies by the Secretary of the Board of Directors of the Company of the corporate resolutions approving the transactions contemplated herein and the issuance of the Securities to be offered as contemplated herein, (ii) certified copies of the powers
of attorney pursuant to which officers of the Company are authorized to execute and deliver this Agreement on behalf of the Company, and (iii) certified copies of the powers-of-attorney granted to CT Corporation system, as process agent for the Company.
The Underwriters shall have received on and as of the date hereof a certificate signed by the principal financial and accounting officers of the Company, in a form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Underwriters.
The Indenture shall have been duly executed and delivered.
At the Closing Time, the CNBV shall have been notified of the offering of the Securities pursuant to Article 7 of the Mexican Securities Market Law and evidence of such notification, by a certified copy of such written notice by an officer of the Company, shall have been provided.
If any of the Underwriters shall fail at the Closing Time to purchase the Securities which it or they are obligated to purchase under this Agreement (the “Defaulted Securities”), the Underwriters shall have the right, within 24 hours thereafter, to make arrangements for any of the non-defaulting Underwriters, or any other underwriters, to purchase all, but not less than all, of the Defaulted Securities in such amounts as may be agreed upon and upon the terms herein set forth; if, however, the Underwriters shall not have completed such arrangements within such 24-hour period, then:
Waiver of Immunities.
Notices.
All notices and other communications hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given if mailed or transmitted by any standard form of telecommunication.
Notices to the Underwriters shall be directed to (i) BBVA Securities Inc., 1345 Avenue of the Americas, New York, New York 10105, attention: Legal Services, Corporate & Investment Banking, telecopy (917) 849-5089, (ii) Citigroup Global Markets Inc., 388 Greenwich Street, New York, New York 10013, attention: General Counsel, telecopy (646) 291-1469 and (iii) Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC, 200 West Street, New York, New York 10282, attention: Registration Department; notices to the Company shall be directed to it at Avenida Vasco de Quiroga, No.
2000, Colonia Santa Fe, 01210 Mexico City, Mexico, telephone: +52 (55) 5261-2000, telecopy: +52 (55) 5261-2524, attention:  Carlos Ferreiro Rivas and Luis Alejandro Bustos Olivares.
CONFIRMED AND ACCEPTED,
May 24, 2049
May 24 and November 24
Pricing Date:
Closing and Settlement Date:
May 24, 2019 (T+3)
Luxembourg Stock Exchange to trade on the Euro MTF Market
CUSIP: 40049J BE6
ISIN: US40049JBE64
You may get these documents for free by visiting EDGAR on the SEC Web site at www.sec.gov.
Alternatively, the issuer, any underwriter or any dealer participating in the offering will arrange to send you the Prospectus if you request it by calling any of BBVA Securities Inc. at 1-800-266-7277, Citigroup Global Markets Inc. at 1-800-831-9146 or Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC at 1-866-471-2526.
It is expected that delivery of the notes will be made to investors on or about May 24, 2019, which will be the third business day following the date of pricing of the notes (such settlement being referred to as “T+3”).
Accordingly, purchasers who wish to trade notes prior to the delivery of the notes will be required, by virtue of the fact that the notes will initially settle in T+3, to specify an alternate settlement arrangement at the time of any such trade to prevent a failed settlement.
Purchasers of the notes who wish to trade the notes prior to their date of delivery should consult their advisors.
