Employment Agreement for David Paulson
Offices and Duties
Employee and Executive Benefit Plans
Company Registration Obligations
Limitations Under Code Section 409A
(f)Headings(g)No General Waivers(h)No Obligation To Mitigate(i)Offsets; Withholding(j)Successors and Assigns(k)Counterparts13.IndemnificationATTACHMENT ASCHEDULE A
Employment.The Bank hereby agrees to employ Executive as its Executive Vice President (with the principal executive duties set forth below in Section 3), and Executive hereby agrees to accept such employment and serve in such capacities, during the Term as defined in Section 2 (subject to Section 7(c) and 7(e)) and upon the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement.
Offices and Duties.The provisions of this Section 3 will apply during the Term, except as otherwise provided in Section 7(c) or 7(e):(a) Generally.
Executive shall serve as the Bank’s Executive Vice President Head of Wholesale Banking.
Executive shall have and perform such duties, responsibilities, and authorities as are prescribed by or under the Bylaws of the Bank and as are customarily associated with such position or, irrespective of the office, title or other designation, if any, a position with responsibilities and powers substantially identical to such position with 4
Moreover, Executive shall have and perform such additional or alternative duties, responsibilities, and authorities as may be from time to time assigned by the President and Chief Executive Officer based on his assessment of the business needs of the Bank, and the Bank reserves the right to change or modify these assignments and any positions and titles associated therewith.
Executive shall devote his full business time and attention, and his best efforts, abilities, experience, and talent, to the position of Executive Vice President Head of Wholesale Banking and other assignments hereunder, and for the business of the Bank, without commitment to other business endeavors, except that Executive (i) may make personal investments which are not in conflict with his duties to the Bank and manage personal and family financial and legal affairs, (ii) may undertake public speaking engagements, and (iii) may serve as a director of (or similar position with) any other business or an educational, charitable, community, civic, religious, or similar type of organization with the approval of the President and Chief Executive Officer, so long as such activities (i.e., those listed in clauses (i) through (iii)) do not preclude or render unlawful Executive’s employment or service to the Bank or otherwise materially inhibit the performance of Executive’s duties under this Agreement or materially impair the business of the Bank or its affiliates.
Executive’s principal place of employment shall be at the administrative offices of the Bank.4.
Bank will adjust applicable taxes and required withholdings as appropriate to reflect the reduced FSOB.
Executive shall be entitled during the Term to participate, without discrimination or duplication, in executive compensation plans and programs intended for general participation by senior executives of the Bank, as presently in effect or as they may be modified or added to by the Bank from time to time, subject to the eligibility and other requirements of such plans and programs, including without limitation any stock option plans, plans under which restricted stock/restricted stock units, performance-based restricted stock/restricted stock units or performance-accelerated restricted stock/restricted stock units (collectively, “stock plans”) may be awarded, other annual and long-term cash and/or equity incentive plans, and deferred compensation plans.
75% of that grant will be in time vested restricted shares, with  1/4 vesting on the date of grant and the following three annual anniversaries thereof in 2015, 2016 and 2017.
The remaining 25% shall be granted in performance shares, cliff vesting December 31, 2016, based on performance over the January 1, 2015 through December 31, 2016 period based on the terms shown on attached and incorporated Schedule A.
Other terms shall be consistent with the Bank’s current restricted stock and performance stock agreements for executives.NOTWITHSTANDING THE FOREGOING, the Company and the Bank have announced a pending merger of United Financial Corporation and its subsidiary bank United Bank into the Company and the Bank.
Executive agrees that any stock plan awards to him, including the new hire equity grants, will be made only after either the closing of the Merger, or when and if the Company announces that the Merger has been abandoned.
Executive shall be entitled during the Term to participate, without discrimination or duplication, in employee and executive benefit plans and programs of the Bank, as presently in effect or as they may be modified or added to by the Bank from time to time, subject to the eligibility and other requirements of such plans and programs, including without limitation plans providing pensions, supplemental pensions, supplemental and other retirement benefits, medical insurance, life insurance, disability insurance, and accidental death or dismemberment insurance, as well as savings, profit-sharing, and stock ownership plans.
The Bank makes no commitment under this Section 5(b) to provide participation opportunities to Executive in all benefit plans and programs or at levels equal to (or otherwise comparable to) the participation opportunity of any other executive.In furtherance of and not in limitation of the foregoing, during the Term:     6
If the Bank has in effect or adopts any deferral program or arrangement permitting executives to elect to defer any compensation, Executive will be eligible to participate in such program.
Any plan or program of the Bank which provides benefits based on the level of salary, annual incentive, or other compensation of Executive shall, in determining Executive’s benefits, take into account the amount of salary, annual incentive, or other compensation prior to any reduction for voluntary contributions made by Executive under any deferral or similar contributory plan or program of the Bank (excluding compensation that would not be taken into account even if not deferred), but shall not treat any payout or settlement under such a deferral or similar contributory plan or program to be additional salary, annual incentive, or other compensation for purposes of determining such benefits, unless otherwise expressly provided under such plan or program.
(c) Company Registration Obligations.
The Company will use its best efforts to file with the Securities and Exchange Commission and thereafter maintain the effectiveness of one or more registration statements registering under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “1933 Act”), the offer and sale of shares by the Company to Executive pursuant to stock options or other equity-based awards granted to Executive under Company plans or otherwise or, if shares are acquired by Executive in a transaction not involving an offer or sale to Executive but resulting in the acquired shares being “restricted securities” for purposes of the 1933 Act, registering the reoffer and resale of such shares by Executive.
Executive shall not be entitled to a tax gross-up for reimbursements or payments under this Section 5(g).
Executives shall not be entitled to a tax gross-up for the allowance under this Section 5(h).
Nothing in this Section 6 shall limit the benefits payable or provided in the event Executive’s employment terminates due to Retirement, death, or Disability under the terms of plans or programs of the Bank more favorable to Executive (or his beneficiaries) than the benefits payable or provided under this Section 6 (except in the case of annual incentives in lieu of which amounts are paid hereunder), including plans and programs adopted after the date of this Agreement.
Such amount shall not be subject to reduction or forfeiture by reason of any 13
Such amount shall not be subject to reduction or forfeiture by reason of any coverage for which Executive may thereafter become eligible by reason of subsequent employment or otherwise.
In the event of any corporate spinoff or merger, the determination of which employees meet the requirements of Section 416(i)(1)(A)(i), (ii) or (iii) of the Code without regard to Section 416(i)(5) of the Code for any calendar year shall be determined in accordance with Regulations Section 1.409A-1(i)(6).9.
If, however, the reduction cannot be fully accomplished after using the order in the prior sentence, the reduction shall be allocated to any other remaining payments or benefits at the Bank’s discretion.10.
Non-Solicitation and Non-Disclosure; Executive Cooperation; Non-Disparagement; Certain Forfeitures.
In consideration for the compensation and benefits provided under this Agreement, including without limitation, the compensation and benefits provided under Sections 7(e) and (f), without the consent in writing of the Board, Executive will not, at any time during the Term and for a period of two years following termination of Executive’s employment for any reason, acting alone or in conjunction with others, directly or indirectly  21
 The provisions of subparagraphs (i), (ii) and (iii) above are separate and distinct commitments independent of each of the other subparagraphs.
(b) Non-Disclosure: Ownership of Work.
Executive shall not, at any time during the Term and thereafter (including following Executive’s termination of employment for any reason), disclose, use, transfer, or sell, except in the course of employment with or other service to the Bank or the Company, any proprietary information, secrets, organizational or employee information, or other confidential information belonging or relating to the Bank or the Company and its affiliates and customers so long as such information has not otherwise been disclosed or is not otherwise in the public domain, except as required by law or pursuant to legal process.
Executive agrees to cooperate with the Bank and the Company, during the Term and thereafter (including following Executive’s termination of employment for any reason), by making himself available to testify on behalf of the Bank or the Company or any subsidiary or affiliate of the Bank or the Company, in any action, suit, or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative, or investigative, and to assist the Bank and the Company, or any subsidiary or affiliate of the Company, in any such action, suit, or proceeding, by providing information and meeting and consulting with the Board or its representatives or counsel, or representatives or counsel to the Bank or the Company, or any subsidiary or affiliate of the Company, as requested.
Executive shall not, at any time during the Term and thereafter, make statements or representations, or otherwise communicate, directly or indirectly, in writing, orally, or otherwise, or take any action which may, directly or indirectly, disparage the Bank or the Company or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates or their respective officers, directors, employees, advisors, businesses or reputations.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing in this Agreement shall preclude Executive from making truthful statements that are required by applicable law, regulation or legal process.
The provisions of Sections 6 and 7 notwithstanding, if Executive willfully and materially fails to substantially comply with any restrictive covenant under this Section 10 22
or willfully and materially fails to substantially comply with any material obligation under this Agreement, all options to purchase common stock granted by the Company and then held by Executive or a transferee of Executive shall be immediately forfeited and thereupon such options shall be cancelled.
Any such forfeiture shall apply to such options notwithstanding any term or provision of any option agreement.
In addition, options granted to Executive on or after the Effective Date, and gains resulting from the exercise of such options, shall be subject to forfeiture in accordance with the Company’s standard policies relating to such forfeitures and clawbacks, as such policies are in effect at the time of grant of such options.
Anything in this Agreement or the SERP to the contrary notwithstanding, (i) any payments made pursuant to this Agreement or the SERP shall be subject to and conditioned upon compliance with 12 U.S.C.
§1828(k) and any regulations promulgated thereunder; and (ii) payments contemplated to be made by the Bank pursuant to this Agreement or the SERP shall not be immediately payable to the extent such payments are barred or prohibited by an action or order issued by the Connecticut Banking Commissioner or the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation.
Governing Law; Disputes.
This Agreement and the rights and obligations of the Company, the Bank and Executive are governed by and are to be construed, administered, and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of Connecticut, without regard to conflicts of law principles.
If under the governing law, any portion of this Agreement is at any time deemed to be in conflict with any applicable statute, rule, regulation, ordinance, or other principle of law, such portion shall be deemed to be modified or altered to the extent necessary to conform thereto or, if that is not possible, to be omitted therefrom.
The invalidity of any such portion shall not affect the force, effect, and validity of the remaining portion thereof.
If any court determines that any provision of Section 10 of this Agreement is unenforceable because of the duration or geographic scope of such provision, it is the parties’ intent that such court shall have the power to modify the duration or geographic scope of such provision, as the case may be, to the extent necessary to render the provision enforceable and, in its modified form, such provision shall be enforced.
Anything in this Agreement to the contrary notwithstanding, the terms of this Agreement shall be interpreted and applied in a manner consistent with the requirements of Section 409A of the Code and the Regulations so as not to subject Executive to the payment of any tax penalty or interest which may be imposed by Section 409A of the Code and the Bank shall have no right to accelerate or make any payment under this Agreement except to the extent such action would not subject Executive to the payment of any tax penalty or interest under Section 409A of the Code.
If all or a portion of the benefits and payments provided under this Agreement constitute 23
taxable income to Executive for any taxable year that is prior to the taxable year in which such payments and/or benefits are to be paid to Executive as a result of the Agreement’s failure to comply with the requirements of Section 409A of the Code and the Regulations, the applicable payment or benefit shall be paid immediately to Executive to the extent such payment or benefit is required to be included in income.
Any amount which has become payable pursuant to the terms of this Agreement or any decision by arbitrators or judgment by a court of law pursuant to this Section 11 but which has not been timely paid shall bear interest at the prime rate in effect at the time such amount first becomes payable, as quoted by the Bank, except as otherwise provided in Sections 5(g), 6(d) and 7(g) of this Agreement (concerning interest payable with respect to certain delayed payments that are subject to Section 409A of the Code).
This Agreement cancels and supersedes any and all prior employment agreements and understandings between the parties hereto with respect to the employment of Executive by the Bank, any parent or predecessor company, and the Company’s subsidiaries during the Term, except for contracts relating to compensation under executive compensation and employee benefit plans of the Bank.
This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement among the parties with respect to the matters herein provided, and no modification or waiver of any provision hereof shall be effective unless in writing and signed by the parties hereto.
Executive shall not be entitled to any payment or benefit under this Agreement which duplicates a payment or benefit received or receivable by Executive under any prior agreements and understandings or under any benefit or compensation plan of the Bank which are in effect.
(b) Successors: Transferability.
The Bank and the Company shall require any successor (whether direct or indirect, by purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise) to all or substantially all of the business and/or assets of the Bank or the Company to expressly assume and agree to perform this Agreement in the same manner and to the same extent that the Bank and the Company would be required to perform it if no such succession had taken place.As used in this Agreement, “Bank “and “Company” shall mean the Bank and the Company respectively as hereinbefore defined and any successor to its or their business and/or assets as aforesaid which assumes and agrees to perform this Agreement by operation of law, or otherwise and, in the case of an acquisition of the Bank or the Company in which the corporate existence of the Bank or the Company, as the case may be, continues, the ultimate parent company following such acquisition.
Subject to the foregoing, the Bank and the Company may transfer and assign this Agreement and the Bank’s and the Company’s rights and obligations hereunder.
Neither this Agreement nor the rights or obligations hereunder of the parties hereto shall be transferable or assignable by Executive, except in accordance with the laws of descent and distribution or as specified in Section 12(c).
Executive shall be entitled to designate (and change, to the extent permitted under applicable law) a beneficiary or beneficiaries to receive any compensation or benefits provided hereunder following Executive’s death.
The invalidity of any portion of this Agreement shall not be deemed to render the remainder of this Agreement invalid.
The headings of this Agreement are for convenience of reference only and do not constitute a part hereof.
(g) No General Waivers.
The failure of any party at any time to require performance by any other party of any provision hereof or to resort to any remedy provided herein or at law or in equity shall in no way affect the right of such party to require such performance or to resort to such remedy at any time thereafter, nor shall the waiver by any party of a breach of any of the provisions hereof be deemed to be a waiver of any subsequent breach of such provisions.
No such waiver shall be effective unless in writing and signed by the party against whom such waiver is sought to be enforced.
(h) No Obligation To Mitigate.
Executive shall not be required to seek other employment or otherwise to mitigate Executive’s damages upon any termination of employment, and any compensation or benefits received from any other employment of Executive shall not mitigate or reduce the obligations of the Bank and the Company or the rights of Executive hereunder.
The amounts required to be paid by the Bank to Executive pursuant to this Agreement shall not be subject to offset other than with respect to any amounts that are owed to the Bank by Executive due to his receipt of funds as a result of his fraudulent activity.
The foregoing and other provisions of this Agreement notwithstanding, all payments to be made to Executive under this Agreement, including under Sections 6 and 7, or otherwise by the Bank, will be subject to withholding to satisfy required withholding taxes and other required deductions.
(j) Successors and Assigns.
This Agreement shall be binding upon and shall inure to the benefit of Executive, his heirs, executors, administrators and beneficiaries, and shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the Bank and the Company and their successors and assigns.
This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original but all of which together will constitute one and the same instrument.13.
Indemnification.All rights to indemnification by the Bank or the Company now existing in favor of Executive as provided in the Bank’s and the Company’s Certificate of Incorporation or By-laws or pursuant to other agreements in effect on or immediately prior to the Effective Date shall continue in full force and effect from the Effective Date (including all periods after the expiration of the Term), and the Bank and the Company shall also advance expenses for which indemnification may be ultimately claimed as such expenses are incurred to the fullest extent permitted under applicable law and in accordance with Section 7(g); provided, however, that any determination required to be made with respect to whether Executive’s conduct complies with the standards required to be met as a condition of indemnification or advancement of expenses under applicable law and the Bank’s or the Company’s Certificate of Incorporation, By-laws, or other agreement shall be made by independent counsel mutually acceptable to Executive and the Company (except to the extent otherwise required by law).
After the date hereof, the Bank and the Company shall not amend its Certificate of Incorporation or By-laws or any agreement in any manner which adversely affects the rights of Executive to indemnification thereunder.
Any provision contained herein notwithstanding, this Agreement shall not limit or reduce any rights of Executive to indemnification pursuant to applicable law.
In addition, the Company will maintain directors’ and officers’ liability insurance in effect and covering acts and omissions of Executive during the Term and for a period of six years thereafter on terms substantially no less favorable than those in effect on the date of execution of this Agreement.
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Executive has hereunto set his hand and the Bank and the Company have each caused this instrument to be duly executed this 19th day of February, 2014.
ATTACHMENT ARELEASEWe advise you to consult an attorney before you sign this Release.
Your Release shall not become effective or enforceable until after that date.In consideration for the benefits provided under your Employment Agreement with Rockville Bank as of February 19, 2014 (the “Employment Agreement”), and more specifically enumerated in Exhibit 1 hereto, by your signature below, you, for yourself and on behalf of your heirs, executors, agents, representatives, successors and assigns, hereby release and forever discharge the Rockville Financial, Inc., its past and present parent corporations, subsidiaries, divisions, subdivisions, affiliates and related companies (collectively, the “Company”) and the Company’s past, present and future agents, directors, officers, employees, representatives, successors and assigns (hereinafter “those associated with the Company”) with respect to any and all claims, demands, actions and liabilities, whether in law or equity, which you may have against the Company or those associated with the Company of whatever kind, including but not limited to those arising out of your employment with the Company or the termination of that employment.
You agree that this release covers, but is not limited to, claims arising under the Age Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967, 29 U.S.C.
§ 621 et seq., Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, 42 U.S.C.
§ 2000e et seq., the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990, 42 U.S.C.
§ 12101 et seq., the Fair Labor Standards Act, 29 U.S.C.
§ 201 et seq., the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, 29 U.S.C.
§ 1001 et seq., the Connecticut Fair Employment Practices Act, C.G.S.
§ 46a-51 et seq., and any other local, state or federal law, regulation or order dealing with discrimination in employment on the basis of sex, race, color, national origin, veteran status, marital status, religion, disability, handicap, or age.
You also agree that this release includes claims based on wrongful termination of employment, breach of contract (express or implied), tort, or claims otherwise related to your employment or termination of employment with the Company and any claim for attorneys’ fees, expenses or costs of litigation.This Release covers all claims based on any facts or events, whether known or unknown by you, that occurred on or before the date of this Release.
Except to enforce this Release, you agree that you will never commence, prosecute, or cause to be commenced or prosecuted any lawsuit or proceeding of any kind against the Company or those associated with the Company in any forum and agree to withdraw with prejudice all complaints or charges, if any, that you have filed against the Company or those associated with the Company.Anything in this Release to the contrary notwithstanding, this Release does not include a release of: (i) your rights under the Employment Agreement or your right to enforce the Employment Agreement; (ii) any rights you may have to indemnification under any agreement, law, Company organizational document or policy, or otherwise; (iii) any rights you may have to benefits under the Company’s benefit plans; or (iv) your right to enforce this Release.By signing this Release, you further agree as follows:i.
You have read this Release carefully and fully understand its terms;ii.
You have had at least twenty-one (21) days to consider the terms of the Release;iii.
After this seven (7) day period, this Release is final and binding and may not be revoked;iv.
You have been advised to seek legal counsel and have had an opportunity to do so;v. You would not otherwise be entitled to the benefits provided under your Employment Agreement had you not agreed to execute this Release; andvi.
Your agreement to the terms set forth above is voluntary.
