Exhibit 4.3
THIS WARRANT HAS NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE “1933 ACT”), OR ANY APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS, AND MAY NOT BE SOLD OR TRANSFERRED UNLESS SUCH SALE OR TRANSFER IS IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF SUCH ACT AND APPLICABLE LAWS OR SOME OTHER EXEMPTION FROM THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF SUCH ACT AND APPLICABLE LAWS IS AVAILABLE WITH RESPECT THERETO.
PREFERRED STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT
Warrant No.
Series B Convertible Preferred Stock
Subject to determination as set for the below
1.
Issuance.
2.
In addition to other terms which may be defined herein, the following terms, as used in this Warrant, shall have the following meanings:
(i)                                    “Aggregate Advances” means the aggregate original dollar amount of Advances made under the Loan Agreement, whether such Advances are outstanding or prepaid, at the time of any scheduled adjustment to the Exercise Quantity.
(ii)                                “Loan Agreement” means that certain Loan and Security Agreement No.
Any term not defined herein shall have the meaning as set forth in the Loan Agreement.
Until such time as this Warrant is exercised in full or expires, the Purchase Price and the securities issuable upon exercise of this Warrant are subject to adjustment as hereinafter provided.
The person or persons in whose name or
1
names any certificate representing shares of Preferred Stock is issued hereunder shall be deemed to have become the holder of record of the shares represented thereby as at the close of business on the date this Warrant is exercised with respect to such shares, whether or not the transfer books of the Company shall be closed.
3.
4.
Net Issue Election.
 where:            X =                             the number of shares of Preferred Stock to be issued to the Holder pursuant to this Section 4.
Y =                             the number of shares of Preferred Stock covered by this Warrant in respect of which the net issue election is made pursuant to this Section 4.
A =                             the Fair Market Value (defined below) of one share of Preferred Stock, as determined at the time the net issue election is made pursuant to this Section 4.
B =                             the Purchase Price in effect under this Warrant at the time the net issue election is made pursuant to this Section 4.
(ii)                                If the net issue election is not made in connection with and contingent upon a Public Offering, then as follows: (a)                                 If traded on a securities exchange or NASDAQ market or system, the fair market value of the Common Stock shall be deemed to be the average of the closing or last reported sale prices of the Common Stock on such exchange or market over the five day period ending five trading days prior to the Determination Date, and the fair market value of the Preferred Stock shall be deemed to be such fair market value of the Common Stock multiplied by the number of shares of Common Stock into which each share of Preferred Stock is then convertible; (b)                                 If otherwise traded in an over-the-counter market, the fair market value of the Common Stock shall be deemed to be the average of the closing ask prices of the Common Stock over the five day 2 period ending five trading days prior to the Determination Date, and the fair market value of the Preferred Stock shall be deemed to be such fair market value of the Common Stock multiplied by the number of shares of Common Stock into which each share of Preferred Stock is then convertible; and (c)                                  If there is no public market for the Common Stock, then fair market value shall be determined in good faith by the Company’s Board of Directors.
5.
Partial Exercise.
This Warrant may be exercised in part, and the Holder shall be entitled to receive a new warrant, which shall be dated as of the date of this Warrant, covering the number of shares in respect of which this Warrant shall not have been exercised.
6.
Fractional Shares.
In no event shall any fractional share of Preferred Stock be issued upon any exercise of this Warrant.
7.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Warrant shall automatically be deemed to be exercised in full pursuant to the provisions of Section 4 hereof, without any further action on behalf of the Holder, immediately prior to the time this Warrant would otherwise expire pursuant to the preceding sentence.
8.
Reserved Shares; Valid Issuance.
The Company covenants that it will at all times from and after the date hereof reserve and keep available such number of its authorized shares of Preferred Stock and Common Stock free from all preemptive or similar rights therein, as will be sufficient to permit, respectively, the exercise of this Warrant in full and the conversion into shares of Common Stock of all shares of Preferred Stock receivable upon such exercise.
The Company further covenants that such shares as may be issued pursuant to such exercise and/or conversion will, upon issuance, be duly and validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable and free from all taxes, liens and charges with respect to the issuance thereof.
9.
Stock Splits and Dividends.
10.
Adjustments for Diluting Issuances.
The other antidilution rights applicable to the Preferred Stock of the Company are set forth in the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, as amended from time to time (the “Articles”), a true and complete copy in its current form which is attached hereto as Exhibit A.
Such rights shall not be restated, amended or modified in any manner which affects the Holder adversely and differently than the holders of Preferred Stock without such Holder’s prior written consent.
11.
Mergers and Reclassifications.
For the purposes of this Section 11, the term 3 “Reorganization” shall include without limitation any reclassification, capital reorganization or change of the Preferred Stock (other than as a result of a subdivision, combination or stock dividend provided for in Section 9 hereof), or any consolidation of the Company with, or merger of the Company into, another corporation or other business organization (other than a merger in which the Company is the surviving corporation and which does not result in any reclassification or change of the outstanding Preferred Stock), or any sale or conveyance to another corporation or other business organization of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company.
12.
Certificate of Adjustment.
13.
In the event of: (a)                                 any taking by the Company of a record of the holders of any class of securities for the purpose of determining the holders thereof who are entitled to receive any dividend or other distribution, or any right to subscribe for, purchase, sell or otherwise acquire or dispose of any shares of stock of any class or any other securities or property, or to receive any other right; (b)                                 any reclassification of the capital stock of the Company, capital reorganization of the Company, consolidation or merger involving the Company, or sale or conveyance of all or substantially all of its assets; or (c)                                  any voluntary or involuntary dissolution, liquidation or winding-up of the Company; then in each such event the Company will provide or cause to be provided to the Holder a written notice thereof.
14.
Representations, Warranties and Covenants.
This Warrant is issued and delivered by the Company and accepted by each Holder on the basis of the following representations, warranties and covenants made by the Company: (a)                                 The Company has all necessary authority to issue, execute and deliver this Warrant and to perform its obligations hereunder.
This Warrant has been duly authorized issued, executed and delivered by the Company and is the valid and binding obligation of the Company, enforceable in accordance with its terms.
(b)                                 The shares of Preferred Stock issuable upon the exercise of this Warrant have been duly authorized and reserved for issuance by the Company and, when issued in accordance with the terms hereof, will be validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable.
(c)                                  The issuance, execution and delivery of this Warrant do not, and the issuance of the shares of Preferred Stock upon the exercise of this Warrant in accordance with the terms hereof will not, (i) violate or contravene the Company’s Articles or by-laws, or any law, statute, regulation, rule, judgment or order applicable to the Company, (ii) violate, contravene or result in a breach or default under any contract, agreement or instrument to which the Company is a party or by which the Company or any of its assets are bound or (iii) require the consent or approval of or the filing of any notice or registration with any person or entity.
(d)                                 As long as this Warrant is, or any shares of Preferred Stock issued upon exercise of this Warrant or any shares of Common Stock issued upon conversion of such shares of Preferred Stock are, issued and outstanding, the Company will provide to the Holder the financial and other information described in the Loan Agreement.
(e)                                  So long as this Warrant has not terminated, Holder shall be entitled to receive such financial and other information as the Holder would be entitled to receive pursuant to Section 2 of the Company’s Amended and Restated Investor Rights Agreement if Holder were a “Major Investor” (as defined therein), provided, 4 however, that the Company may exclude from such financial and other information any information that the Company determines in good faith reasonably needs to be excluded to preserve the attorney-client privileges or to protect highly confidential proprietary information.
(f)                                   As of the date hereof, the authorized capital stock of the Company consists of (i) 123,740,317 shares of Common Stock, of which [3,503,747] shares are issued and outstanding and 517,242 shares are reserved for issuance upon the exercise of this Warrant with respect to Common Stock and the conversion of the Preferred Stock into Common Stock if this Warrant is exercised with respect to Preferred Stock, (ii) 4,615,385 shares of Seed Convertible Preferred Stock, all of which are issued and outstanding shares, (iii) 36,661,538 shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock, of which 35,576,923 are issued and outstanding shares, and (iv) 60,517,240 shares of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock, of which 34,581,278 are issued and outstanding shares.
Attached hereto as Exhibit B is a capitalization table summarizing the capitalization of the Company.
Once per calendar quarter, the Company will provide Holder with a current capitalization table indicating changes, if any, to the number of outstanding shares of common stock and preferred stock.
15.
Confidentiality.
The Holder agrees to keep confidential all information, materials, notes, documents and copies concerning the business of the Company provided in accordance with the terms of this Warrant or to the Holder as a result of the Holder’s status as a stockholder of the Company upon exercise of the Warrant (the “Information”).
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Holder shall be permitted to disclose Information (i) to its officers, managers, members, partners, directors, employees, agents and representatives provided that such Information shall remain confidential; (ii) to the extent required by applicable laws and regulations or by any subpoena or similar legal process, or to the extent requested by any governmental agency or authority, after notice to the Company to the extent the Holder is not advised by counsel that providing such notice would be a breach of applicable law or regulations; (iii) to the extent such Information (A) becomes publicly available other than as a result of a breach of this Section 15, (B) becomes available to the Holder on a non-confidential basis from a source other than the Company or (C) was available to the Holder on a non-confidential basis prior to its disclosure to the Holder by the Company; (iv) to the extent the Company shall have consented to such disclosure in writing; (v) in connection with the assignment of this Warrant provided that the recipient of the Information agrees to maintain the confidentiality of the Information; or (vi) in connection with the exercise of its rights and remedies under this Warrant.
The provisions of this Section 15 shall survive the termination, expiration or exercise of this Warrant.
16.
Registration Rights.
The Company and the Holder agree to enter into the Amendment to Second Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement attached hereto as Exhibit C. 17.
Voting Agreement.
The Company and the Holder agree to enter into the Amendment to the Amended and Restated Voting Agreement attached hereto as Exhibit D. 18.
Amendment.
The terms of this Warrant may be amended, modified or waived only with the written consent of the Holder and the Company.
19.
Representations and Covenants of the Holder.
This Warrant has been entered into by the Company in reliance upon the following representations and covenants of the Holder, which by its execution hereof the Holder hereby confirms: (a)                                 Investment Purpose.
The right to acquire Preferred Stock or the Preferred Stock issuable upon exercise of the Holder’s rights contained herein will be acquired for investment and not with a view to the sale or distribution of any part thereof, and the Holder has no present intention of selling or engaging in any public distribution of the same except pursuant to a registration or exemption.
(b)                                 Accredited Investor.
Holder is an “accredited investor” within the meaning of the Securities and Exchange Rule 501 of Regulation D, as presently in effect.
(c)                                  Private Issue.
The Holder understands (i) that the Preferred Stock issuable upon exercise of the Holder’s rights contained herein is not registered under the 1933 Act or qualified under applicable state securities laws on the ground that the issuance contemplated by this Warrant will be exempt from the 5 registration and qualifications requirements thereof, and (ii) that the Company’s reliance on such exemption is predicated on the representations set forth in this Section 19.
(d)                                 Financial Risk.
The Holder has such knowledge and experience in financial and business matters as to be capable of evaluating the merits and risks of its investment and has the ability to bear the economic risks of its investment.
20.
(b)                                 Subject to compliance with applicable federal and state securities laws, this Warrant may be transferred by the Holder with respect to any or all of the shares purchasable hereunder.
No Impairment.
The Company will not, by amendment of its Articles or through any reclassification, capital reorganization, consolidation, merger, sale or conveyance of assets, dissolution, liquidation, issue or sale of securities or any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance of performance of any of the terms of this Warrant, but will at all times in good faith assist in the carrying out of all such terms and in the taking of all such action as may be necessary or appropriate in order to protect the rights of the Holder.
22.
No Rights as Shareholder.
Except as set forth herein, the Holder shall not be entitled to vote or receive dividends or be deemed the holder of Preferred Stock or any other securities of the Company which may at any time be issuable on the exercise hereof for any purpose, nor shall anything contained herein be construed to confer upon the Holder any of the rights of a shareholder of the Company or any right to vote for the election of directors or upon any matter submitted to shareholders at any meeting thereof, or to give or withhold consent to any corporate action (whether upon any recapitalization, issuance of stock, reclassification of stock, change of par value or change of stock to no par value, consolidation, merger, conveyance or otherwise) or to receive notice of meetings, or to receive dividends or subscription rights or otherwise until the Warrant shall have been exercised or converted and the shares purchasable upon the exercise hereof shall have become deliverable, as provided herein.
23.
Governing Law.
The provisions and terms of this Warrant shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the internal laws of the State of California without giving effect to its principles regarding conflicts of laws.
24.
Successors and Assigns.
This Warrant shall be binding upon the Company’s successors and assigns and shall inure to the benefit of the Holder’s successors, legal representatives and permitted assigns.
25.                               Business Days.
If the last or appointed day for the taking of any action required or the expiration of any rights granted herein shall be a Saturday or Sunday or a legal holiday in California or Massachusetts, then 6 such action may be taken or right may be exercised on the next succeeding day which is not a Saturday or Sunday or such a legal holiday.
26.
Qualifying Public Offering.
7 27.
Value.
This Corporation’s original Certificate of Incorporation was filed with the Secretary of State of Delaware on August 16, 2006 under the name “Genocea, Inc.” and was amended and restated on December 21, 2006 and on February 10, 2009.
2.
This Third Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (the “Certificate of Incorporation”) has been duly adopted by this Corporation’s Board of Directors and stockholders in accordance with the applicable provisions of Sections 228, 242 and 245 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware.
3.
The Certificate of Incorporation of this Corporation is hereby amended and restated to read in full as follows: “FIRST:  The name of the corporation is Genocea Biosciences, Inc. SECOND:  The address of the registered office of the Corporation in the State of Delaware is 1209 Orange Street in the City of Wilmington, County of New Castle, and the name of its registered agent at such address is The Corporation Trust Company.
THIRD:  The nature of the business or purposes to be conducted or promoted is to engage in any lawful act or activity for which corporations may be organized under the General Corporation Law of Delaware.
The powers, preferences and rights, and the qualifications, limitations or restrictions thereof, in respect of each class or series of stock of the Corporation shall be as follows: Section 1.
Liquidation Rights.
(a)                                 Liquidation Payments.
If the assets of the Corporation shall be insufficient to permit the payment in full to the holders of the Series B Preferred Stock of all amounts so distributable to them, then the entire assets of the Corporation available for such distribution shall be distributed ratably among the holders of the Series B Preferred Stock in proportion to the full preferential amount each such holder is otherwise entitled to receive under this Subsection 1(a)(i) of this Article FOURTH.
No payment shall be made with respect to the Series A Preferred Stock, the Seed Preferred Stock or the Common Stock unless and until full payment has been made to the holders of the Series B Preferred Stock of the amounts they are entitled to receive under this Subsection 1(a)(i) of this Article FOURTH.
(v)                                 Upon conversion of shares of Preferred Stock into shares of Common Stock pursuant to Section 2 of this Article FOURTH below, the holders of such Common Stock shall not be entitled to any preferential payment or distribution in case of any liquidation, dissolution or winding up, but shall share ratably in any distribution of the assets of the Corporation to all the holders of Common Stock as provided under Subsection 1(a)(iv) of this Article FOURTH.
(b)  Distributions Other than Cash.
Whenever any portion of the distributions provided for in this Section 1 of this Article FOURTH shall be payable in property other than cash, the value of such property shall be assessed as the fair market value of such property as determined in good faith by the Board of Directors of the Corporation.
5 (c)  Merger as Liquidation, etc.
The merger or consolidation of the Corporation into or with another corporation (except one in which the holders of capital stock of the Corporation immediately prior to such merger or consolidation continue to hold a majority in voting power of the capital stock of the surviving corporation (or, if the surviving corporation is a wholly-owned subsidiary, its parent), in which case the provisions of Subsection 2(f) of this Article FOURTH shall apply), or exclusive license of all or substantially all of the intellectual property of the Corporation without field or material geographic restriction or the sale, lease, transfer or other disposition of all or substantially all of the assets of the Corporation, shall be deemed to be a liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the affairs of the Corporation (a “Deemed Liquidation”) for purposes of this Section 1 of this Article FOURTH with respect to the Series B Preferred Stock, the Series A Preferred Stock and the Seed Preferred Stock, unless the holders of at least sixty percent (60%) of the then outstanding shares of the Series B Preferred Stock elect to the contrary; such election to be made by giving notice thereof to the Corporation at least three days before the effective date of such event.
If such notice is given with respect to the Preferred Stock, the provisions of Subsection 2(f) of this Article FOURTH shall apply.
Unless such election is made with respect to the Preferred Stock, any amounts received by the holders of such Preferred Stock as a result of such merger, consolidation or other transaction shall be deemed to be applied toward, and all consideration received by the Corporation in such merger, consolidation, license, lease, asset sale or other disposition under this Subsection 1(c) of this Article FOURTH together with all other available assets of the Corporation shall be distributed toward, to the extent necessary, the Preferred Stock Liquidation Payments in accordance with Section 1 of this Article FOURTH.
(d)  Notice.
Such initial written notice shall describe the material terms and conditions of such proposed action, including a description of the stock, cash and property to be received by the holders of the Preferred Stock and the Common Stock upon consummation of the proposed action and the proposed date of delivery thereof.
Any holder of outstanding shares of Preferred Stock may 6 waive (as to itself) any notice required by this Subsection by a written instrument specifically indicating such waiver.
(e) Effect of Noncompliance.
In the event the requirements of Subsection 1(d) of this Article FOURTH are not complied with, the Corporation shall forthwith either cause the closing of the Deemed Liquidation to be postponed until the requirements of such sections have been complied with, or cancel such Deemed Liquidation (to the extent possible under applicable law), in which event the rights, preferences, privileges and restrictions of the holders of Preferred Stock shall revert to and be the same as such rights, preferences, privileges and restrictions existing immediately prior to the date of the first notice referred to in Subsection 1(d) of this Article FOURTH.
(f) Acquisitions Involving Earn-Outs or Multiple Payments.
Notwithstanding Section 1(a) or Section 1(c) of this Article FOURTH, in the event of a Deemed Liquidation in which (y)(1) the consideration (to be) received or (to be) paid does not occur at a single closing, but instead occurs (or is to occur) on more than one occasion (e.g., in a transaction involving earn-out payments) and (2) the up front payment (to be) received at the closing is less than the aggregate Preferred Stock Liquidation Payments and/or (z) any portion of the consideration (to be) payable to the stockholders of the Corporation is placed into an escrow, held back and/or is payable to the stockholders of the Corporation subject to contingencies, then in lieu of the amounts and priorities set forth in Section 1(a) of this Article FOURTH, distributions to the holders of Series B Preferred Stock, Series A Preferred Stock or Seed Preferred Stock, as applicable, shall be made in accordance with the following priorities as such consideration is received: (i)                                     First, to the holders of Series B Preferred Stock in accordance with the provisions of Subsection 1(a)(i) of this Article FOURTH until the holders of Series B Preferred Stock have received an aggregate amount equal to the Series B Liquidation Payment; (ii)                                  Second, to the holders of Series A Preferred Stock in accordance with the provisions of Subsection 1(a)(ii) of this Article FOURTH until the holders of Series A Preferred Stock have received an aggregate amount equal to the Series A Liquidation Payment; (iii)                               Third, to the holders of Seed Preferred Stock in accordance with the provisions of Subsection 1(a)(iii) of this Article FOURTH until the holders of Seed Preferred Stock have received an aggregate amount equal to the Seed Liquidation Payment; and (iv)                              Fourth, after the payment of all amounts required to be paid in accordance with clauses (i), (ii) and (iii) above, any funds and assets legally available (or that become available) for distribution, if any, shall be distributed among the holders of Series B Preferred Stock, Series A Preferred Stock and Common Stock in accordance with the provisions of Subsection 1(a)(iv) of this Article FOURTH; 7 Provided if the amount which any holder of shares of the Series B Preferred Stock, Series A Preferred Stock or Seed Preferred Stock would receive if such holder converted all such shares of Series B Preferred Stock, Series A Preferred Stock or Seed Preferred Stock, as the case may be, into Common Stock immediately prior to such Deemed Liquidation, in accordance with this Subsection 1(f) of this Article FOURTH with respect to the shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of such shares of Series B Preferred Stock, Series A Preferred Stock or Seed Preferred Stock, as the case may be, is greater than the amount such holder would receive if such holder did not so convert such shares of Series B Preferred Stock, Series A Preferred Stock or Seed Preferred Stock, as the case may be, then such holder shall be entitled to be paid such greater amount out of the assets available for distribution in accordance with Subsection 1(f)(iv) of this Article FOURTH.
For the avoidance of doubt, if, in connection with a Deemed Liquidation, a holder of Series B Preferred Stock, Series A Preferred Stock or Seed Preferred Stock receives payments on its shares of Series B Preferred Stock, Series A Preferred Stock or Seed Preferred Stock, as the case may be, pursuant to this paragraph, then such holder shall not be entitled to also receive the amount payable on its shares of Series B Preferred Stock, Series A Preferred Stock or Seed Preferred Stock, as the case may be, pursuant to Subsections 1(f)(i) through 1(f)(iii) of this Article FOURTH.
Section 2.
Conversion.
The holders of Preferred Stock shall have conversion rights as follows (the “Conversion Rights”): (a)  Right to Convert; Conversion Price.
The Series B Preferred Conversion Price, Series A Preferred Conversion Price and Seed Preferred Conversion Price are collectively referred to as the “Preferred Conversion Price.”  Each such initial Preferred Conversion Price shall be subject to adjustment, in order to adjust the number of shares of Common Stock into which the Series B Preferred Stock, Series A Preferred Stock and Seed Preferred Stock are convertible, as hereinafter provided.
(ii) Each share of Seed Preferred Stock and Series A Preferred Stock shall automatically be converted into shares of Common Stock at the applicable Preferred Conversion Price then in effect, as the case may be, and any declared but unpaid dividends thereon shall be paid, upon the written election of the holders of at least sixty percent (60%) of the then outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock to require such mandatory conversion on the date or event specified by such stockholders.
(c)  Mechanics of Automatic Conversions.
Upon the automatic conversion of the Preferred Stock, all shares of Preferred Stock being converted by any holder thereof shall be aggregated for the purpose of determining the number of shares of Common Stock to which such holder shall be entitled, and no fractional shares of Common Stock shall be issued.
(d)  Mechanics of Optional Conversions.
Upon the optional conversion of the Preferred Stock, all shares of Preferred Stock being converted by any holder thereof shall be aggregated for the purpose of determining the number of shares of Common Stock to which such holder shall be entitled, and no fractional shares of Common Stock shall be issued.
Unless otherwise specified by the holder in the written notice of conversion, such conversion shall be deemed to have been made immediately prior to the close of business on the date of surrender of the shares of Preferred Stock to be converted, and the person or persons entitled to receive the shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion shall be treated for all purposes as the record holder or holders of such shares of Common Stock on such date.
(e)  Adjustments to Preferred Conversion Price for Diluting Issues.
(i)  Special Definitions.
For purposes of this Subsection 2(e) of this Article FOURTH, the following definitions shall apply: (1)  “Option” shall mean rights, options or warrants to subscribe for, purchase or otherwise acquire either Common Stock or Convertible Securities.
(2)  “Original Issue Date” shall mean the first date on which a share of Series B Preferred Stock is issued.
(3)  “Convertible Securities” shall mean any evidences of indebtedness, shares of capital stock (other than Common Stock) or other securities directly or indirectly convertible into or exchangeable for Common Stock.
(4)  “Additional Shares of Common Stock” shall mean all shares of Common Stock issued (or, pursuant to Subsection 2(e)(iii) of this Article FOURTH, deemed to be issued) by the Corporation after the Original Issue Date, other than: 12 (A)  shares of Common Stock issued or issuable upon conversion of shares of Seed Preferred Stock, Series A Preferred Stock or Series B Preferred Stock and shares of Common Stock, Options or Convertible Securities issued as a dividend or distribution on Series A Preferred Stock or Series B Preferred Stock; (B)  up to 12,392,500 shares of Common Stock issued or issuable to employees, consultants or directors of the Corporation pursuant to a stock purchase or stock option plan or other employee stock bonus arrangement approved by a majority of the Corporation’s Board of Directors, including at least a majority of the Preferred Stock Directors (as hereinafter defined); and provided that such number may be adjusted upward with the approval of the holders of at least sixty percent (60%) of the Series B Preferred Stock then outstanding; (C) shares of Common Stock issued in consideration for the acquisition or licensing of technology or a corporate partnership transaction, if approved by the Board of Directors, including at least a majority of the Preferred Stock Directors; (D) shares of Common Stock issued in equipment leasing or other debt financing transactions, if approved by the Board of Directors, including at least a majority of the Preferred Stock Directors; and (E) shares of Common Stock issued in the Company’s initial public offering.
(ii)  No Adjustment of Preferred Conversion Price.
Except as set forth in Subsection 2(e)(vi) of this Article FOURTH, no adjustment in the number of shares of Common Stock into which the Preferred Stock is convertible shall be made, by adjustment to the applicable Preferred Conversion Price in respect of the issuance of Additional Shares of Common Stock (a) unless the consideration per share for an Additional Share of Common Stock (determined pursuant to Subsection 2(e)(v) of this Article FOURTH) issued or deemed to be issued by the Corporation is less than the applicable Preferred Conversion Price, in effect on the date of, and immediately prior to, the issue of such Additional Share of Common Stock or (b) if prior to such issuance or within twenty (20) days thereafter the Corporation receives written notice from the holders of at least sixty percent (60%) of the outstanding shares of the applicable series of Preferred Stock that no such adjustment in the Preferred Conversion Price for such series of Preferred Stock shall be made.
(iii)  Issue of Securities Deemed Issue of Additional Shares of Common Stock.
(1)  Options and Convertible Securities.
In the event the Corporation at any time or from time to time after the Original Issue Date shall issue any Options 13 (excluding for all purposes of this Subsection 2(e)(iii)(1) of this Article FOURTH Options excluded from the definition of Additional Shares of Common Stock in Subsection 2(e)(i)(4)(B) of this Article FOURTH) or Convertible Securities or shall fix a record date for the determination of holders of any class of securities entitled to receive any such Options or Convertible Securities, then the maximum number of shares (as set forth in the instrument relating thereto without regard to any provisions contained therein for a subsequent adjustment of such number) of Common Stock issuable upon the exercise of such Options or, in the case of Convertible Securities and Options therefor, the conversion or exchange of such Convertible Securities, shall be deemed to be Additional Shares of Common Stock issued as of the time of such issue or, in case such a record date shall have been fixed, as of the close of business on such record date (assuming the satisfaction of any conditions to convertibility, exercisability or exchangeability, including without limitation, the passage of time), and the applicable Preferred Conversion Price shall be adjusted accordingly, provided that in any such case in which Additional Shares of Common Stock are deemed to be issued: (A)  no further adjustment in the applicable Preferred Conversion Price shall be made upon the subsequent issue of Convertible Securities or shares of Common Stock upon the exercise of such Options or conversion or exchange of such Convertible Securities; (B)  if such Options or Convertible Securities by their terms provide, with the passage of time or otherwise, for any increase or decrease in the consideration payable to the Corporation, or increase or decrease in the number of shares of Common Stock issuable, upon the exercise, conversion or exchange thereof, the applicable Preferred Conversion Price computed upon the original issue thereof (or upon the occurrence of a record date with respect thereto), and any subsequent adjustments based thereon, shall, upon any such increase or decrease becoming effective, be recomputed to reflect such increase or decrease insofar as it affects such Options or the rights of conversion or exchange under such Convertible Securities; (C)  upon the expiration of any such Options or any rights of conversion or exchange under such Convertible Securities which shall not have been exercised, the applicable Preferred Conversion Price computed upon the original issue thereof (or upon the occurrence of a record date with respect thereto), and any subsequent adjustments based thereon, shall, upon such expiration, be recomputed as if: (I)  In the case of Convertible Securities or Options for Common Stock, the only Additional Shares of Common Stock issued were the shares of Common Stock, if any, actually issued upon the exercise of such Options or the conversion or exchange of such Convertible Securities and the consideration received therefor was the consideration actually received by the Corporation for the issue of all such Options, whether or not exercised, plus the consideration actually received by the Corporation upon such exercise, or 14 for the issue of all such Convertible Securities which were actually converted or exchanged, plus the additional consideration, if any, actually received by the Corporation upon such conversion or exchange; and (II)  in the case of Options for Convertible Securities only the Convertible Securities, if any, actually issued upon the exercise thereof were issued at the time of issue of such Options, and the consideration received by the Corporation for the Additional Shares of Common Stock deemed to have been then issued was the consideration actually received by the Corporation for the issue of all such Options, whether or not exercised, plus the consideration deemed to have been received by the Corporation (determined pursuant to Subsection 2(e)(v) of this Article FOURTH) upon the issue of the Convertible Securities with respect to which such Options were actually exercised; (D)  no readjustment pursuant to clause (B) or (C) above shall have the effect of increasing the applicable Preferred Conversion Price to an amount which exceeds the lower of (i) the applicable Preferred Conversion Price on the original adjustment date, or (ii) the applicable Preferred Conversion Price that would have resulted from any issuance of Additional Shares of Common Stock between the original adjustment date and such readjustment date (in each case as adjusted for any stock dividend, stock split, combination of shares, reclassification or other similar event); (E)  if such record date shall have been fixed and such Options or Convertible Securities are not issued on the date fixed therefor, the adjustment previously made in the applicable Preferred Conversion Price which became effective on such record date shall be canceled as of the close of business on such record date, and thereafter the applicable Preferred Conversion Price shall be adjusted pursuant to this Subsection 2(e)(iii) of this Article FOURTH as of the actual date of their issuance.
(2)  Stock Dividends, Stock Distributions and Subdivisions.
If such record date shall have been fixed and no part of such dividend or distribution shall have been paid on the date fixed therefor, the adjustment previously made to the applicable Preferred Conversion Price which became effective on such record date shall be canceled as of the close of business on such record date, and thereafter the applicable Preferred Conversion Price shall be adjusted pursuant to this Subsection 2(e)(iii) of this Article FOURTH as of the time of actual payment of such dividend or distribution.
(3)  Dilutive Financing.
In the event of any merger, business combination, acquisition of a company or its assets, sale of the Corporation’s assets to a third party or a similar transaction, irrespective of corporate form, (A) that the Corporation enters into primarily for the purpose, as determined by the Board of Directors of the Corporation in good faith, of allowing the Corporation to access the cash of a third party and (B) that has an effective consideration per share to the Corporation (based on the cash of such third party accessed by such transaction at the consummation of such transaction divided by the number of Additional Shares of Common Stock issued by the Corporation in such transaction) of less than the Series B Preferred Conversion Price in effect on the date of and immediately prior to such transaction, such transaction shall be considered an issuance of Additional Shares of Common Stock subject to Section 2(e) of this Article FOURTH.
