RECITALS
A.The Corporation believes that the future growth, profitability, and success of the business of the Corporation will be significantly enhanced by the continued employment of Executive in the capacity of Senior Vice President, General Counsel, and Secretary of the Corporation.
B.The Corporation desires to provide Executive with appropriate incentives and rewards related to the performance by Executive and to encourage the continued employment of Executive in the service of the Corporation, and Executive desires to continue such employment, on the terms and conditions of this Agreement, from and after the date of this Agreement.
C.The Corporation and Executive desire to enter into an employment agreement, as evidenced in this Agreement, to reflect the terms of Executive’s employment.
NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and mutual covenants contained herein, the additional consideration provided for herein to Executive to which Executive is not otherwise entitled and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is mutually acknowledged, the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
I.  DEFINITIONS
1.1Definitions.
In addition to terms defined elsewhere in this Agreement, for purposes of this Agreement, the following terms will have the following respective meanings when used in this Agreement with initial capital letters:
(b)“Affiliate”: with respect to any Person, any other Person directly or indirectly controlling, controlled by, or under common control with such Person.
For purposes of this definition, “control,” when used with respect to any Person, means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of any such Person, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract, or otherwise, and the terms “controlling” and “controlled” have the respective meanings correlative to the foregoing.
With respect to any natural Person, “Affiliate” will also include such Person’s grandparents, any descendants of such Person’s grandparents, the grandparents of such Person’s spouse, and any descendants of the grandparents of such Person’s spouse (in each case, whether by blood, adoption, or marriage).
(g)“Board”: the Board of Directors of the Corporation.
No act or failure to act by Executive shall be considered willful unless done or omitted to be done by him or her not in good faith and without reasonable belief that his or her action or omission was in the best interests of the Corporation.
For the purposes of the definition of “Change of Control,” the term “person” shall mean any individual, corporation, partnership, group, association, or other person, as such term is defined in Section 13(d)(3) or Section 14(d)(2) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, other than the Corporation, a subsidiary of the Corporation, or any employee benefit plan(s) sponsored or maintained by the Corporation or any subsidiary thereof, and the term “beneficial owner” shall have the meaning given the term in Rule 13d-3 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.
For the purposes of clarity, a transaction shall not constitute a Change of Control if its principal purpose is to change the state of the Corporation’s incorporation, create a holding company that would be owned in substantially the same proportions by the persons who held the Corporation’s securities immediately before such transaction, or is another transaction of other similar effect.
Any reference herein to a specific Code section shall be deemed to include all related regulations or other guidance with respect to such Code section.
(o)“Corporation”: as defined in the introductory paragraph.
(p)“Corporation Employee”: as defined in Section 3.5.
(q)“Corporation IP”: as defined in Section 3.1(a).
(u)“Estate”: as defined in Section 2.7(d).
(v)“Executive”: as defined in the introductory paragraph.
(y)“Government Agencies”: as defined in Section 3.2(e).
(aa)“Non-Compete Territory”: as defined in Section 3.3.
(bb)“Person”: an individual, a corporation, a partnership, a limited liability company, an association, a trust, a joint stock corporation, a joint venture, an unincorporated organization, or any federal, state, county, city, municipal, or other local or foreign government or any subdivision, authority, commission, board, bureau, court, administrative panel, or other instrumentality thereof.
(gg)“Subsidiary”: with respect to any Person, (i) any corporation of which a majority of the total voting power of shares of stock entitled (without regard to the occurrence of any contingency) to vote generally in the election of directors thereof is at the time owned or controlled, directly or indirectly, by that Person or one or more of the other Subsidiaries of that Person or a combination thereof, or (ii) any limited liability company, partnership, association, or other business entity, of which a majority of the partnership or other similar ownership interests thereof is at the time owned or controlled, directly or indirectly, by that Person or one or more Subsidiaries of that Person or a combination thereof.
For purposes of this definition, a Person or Persons will be deemed to have a majority ownership interest in a limited liability company, partnership, association, or other business entity if such Person or Persons will be allocated a majority of limited liability company, partnership, association, or other business entity gains or losses, or is or controls the managing member or general partner of such limited liability company, partnership, association, or other business entity.
The Corporation shall continue to employ Executive, and Executive accepts continued employment with the Corporation, upon the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement.
Executive will be an employee of, and serve as the Senior Vice President, General Counsel, and Secretary of, the Corporation and will report directly to the Chief Executive Officer of the Corporation.
In such capacity, Executive will perform such duties and exercise such powers that are consistent with the position of Senior Vice President, General Counsel, and Secretary in accordance with the amended and restated bylaws of the Corporation and as are assigned to Executive by the Chief Executive Officer or the Board.
Executive agrees that to the best of his or her ability and experience he or she shall at all times conscientiously perform all of his or her duties and obligations under the terms of this Agreement.
(a)Executive will devote substantially all of his or her full business time, energy, ability, attention, and skill to his or her employment hereunder and to the Business of the Corporation and, absent the prior written approval of the Board, which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld, Executive will not engage in any business activity, whether as an employee, investor, officer, director, consultant, independent contractor, or otherwise, that would interfere with his or her duties and responsibilities pursuant to Section 2.2.
Executive agrees to comply with all lawful rules and policies established by the Corporation and its Subsidiaries throughout the Employment Period.
(b)Provided that the following activities do not interfere with Executive’s duties and responsibilities as General Counsel and Secretary of the Corporation, Executive may (i) engage in charitable and community affairs, trade activities, and trade organizations, and teach and/or lecture, so long as such activities are consistent with his or her duties and responsibilities under this Agreement, (ii) manage his or her personal investments, and (iii) serve on the boards of directors of other companies with the Board’s prior written consent (which will not be unreasonably withheld).
(c)Executive will act in accordance with laws, ordinances, regulations, professional standards, or rules of any governmental, regulatory, or administrative body, agent or authority, any court or judicial authority, or any public, private, or industry regulatory authority.
Unless otherwise addressed in Section 2.7, if Executive is employed
The Executive shall remain a participant in the Corporation’s Key Team Member Incentive Program established for fiscal year 2020.
Subject to Section 2.4(d) herein and Executive’s continued employment, Executive shall be eligible to participate in and receive long-term incentive, equity, and/or equity-based awards under the Corporation’s 2015 Long-Term Incentive Plan, as amended and/or restated (the “2015 Plan”), or any successor or other applicable plan or arrangement (the 2015 Plan and such other plans or arrangements collectively, the “Stock Plan”), in the sole discretion of the Board or the Compensation Committee.
Any such long-term incentive, equity, or equity-based awards described herein shall be subject to the terms of the Stock Plan and applicable award agreements in form acceptable to the Compensation Committee and such other terms as may be established by the Compensation Committee.
2.5Benefits; Additional Terms.
Except as otherwise addressed in this Section 2.5, during the Employment Period, Executive shall be entitled to participate in all pension, medical, disability, retirement, and other benefit plans and programs generally available to the Corporation’s other employees, provided that Executive meets all eligibility requirements under those plans and programs.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, Executive will not during the Employment Period be entitled to participate in any severance pay plan of the Corporation.
Executive’s severance benefits are to be solely as set forth in Section 2.7.
Executive shall also be entitled to all paid holidays and to reasonable personal and sick leave in accordance with the policies of the Corporation applicable to its executive management.
Unused vacation and personal and/or sick leave may not be carried over by Executive from one calendar year to the next, except as otherwise provided in the policies of the Corporation applicable to its executive management.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, such vacation, holidays, and personal and/or sick leave shall not accrue as a monetary liability of the Corporation.
The amount of reimbursable expenses incurred, or in-kind benefits provided, in one taxable year shall not affect the expenses eligible for reimbursement, or in-kind benefits provided, in any other taxable year.
No right to reimbursement or in-kind benefits is subject to liquidation or exchange for other benefits.
The Corporation may, at its option, provide Executive with the opportunity to elect to include the amount of any disability insurance premiums paid by the Corporation pursuant to any disability insurance, plan, or policy provided by the Corporation to or for the benefit of Executive as taxable income to Executive.
2.6Deductions and Withholdings.
All amounts payable or that become payable under this Agreement will be subject to any deductions and withholdings previously authorized by Executive or required by law.
Executive will be responsible for any and all taxes resulting from the benefits provided hereunder.
Any additional amounts payable pursuant to Section 2.7(a)(iii) attributable to a Change of Control occurring within six (6) months following Executive’s termination of employment shall be added to the remaining balance of the amounts payable under Section 2.7(a)(ii)(B)–(C) and shall be paid as provided in this Section 2.7(a)(iv) over the remainder of the Severance Period.
The payments to be made in accordance with this Section 2.7(a) will constitute liquidated damages, and Executive will not be entitled to any other compensation from the Corporation under this Agreement or otherwise except as provided in this Section 2.7(a).
Executive acknowledges and agrees that his or her position is unique and critical to the Corporation and that the Corporation would suffer grievous economic injury or other undue hardship if Executive becomes unable to perform one or more essential functions of his or her job due to a Disability, as defined by Section 1.1(r).
In the event that any such disability insurance, plan, or policy pays disability benefits to Executive that are not subject to local, state, or federal taxation, the payment obligations of the Corporation set forth in this Section 2.7(e) will be reduced by an amount equal to the gross taxable amount that the Corporation would have been required to pay in order to yield the net, after-tax benefit that Executive actually received pursuant to the disability insurance, plan, or policy.
The payments to be made in accordance with this Section 2.7(e) will constitute liquidated damages, and Executive will not be entitled to any other compensation from the Corporation under this Agreement or otherwise except as provided in this Section 2.7(e).
(g)No Mitigation; No Offset.
Notwithstanding anything contained in this Agreement to the contrary, any compensation and/or benefits payable to Executive under any other severance or change-in-control plan, program, policy, or arrangement of the Corporation in which Executive is a participant (other than the Corporation’s 2011 Stock Incentive Plan, the Stock Plan, or the Annual Incentive Plan, or any award granted thereunder) shall be reduced by the amount of all compensation and benefits payable under this Section 2.7.
3.1Patents, Inventions, and Other Intellectual Property.
The Corporation shall have the right to use all such Corporation IP, whether original or derivative, in any matter it chooses without any related royalty, licensure, or other obligation.
Executive acknowledges that all such Corporation IP shall be considered as “work made for hire” as provided under the United States Copyright Act, 17 U.S.C.
Section 101, et seq., and shall belong exclusively to the Corporation.
Executive agrees further that in the event that any Corporation IP should be deemed not to be work made for hire belonging exclusively to the Corporation, he or she shall promptly assign and transfer such Corporation IP to the Corporation so that the Corporation shall be, in fact, the exclusive owner.
defending any proceedings relating to, or any application for, such patents or other protection.
3.2Confidentiality.
(a)Executive acknowledges that during the Employment Period and prior thereto when he or she was an employee, agent, director, or officer of or consultant to the Corporation, Executive has been given and will continue to have, in connection with the conduct of the Business, access and exposure to trade secrets and other confidential information in written, oral, electronic, and other form regarding the Corporation and its Subsidiaries, and their respective Affiliates, businesses, operations, equipment, products, and employees (“Confidential Information”), including, but not limited to:
(b)Notwithstanding the foregoing, “Confidential Information” will not include information that is approved for public release by the Corporation or its Subsidiaries or information that Executive can demonstrate (i) is already in or has subsequently entered the public domain, other than as a result of any breach of this Agreement by Executive; (ii) was in the possession of or known to Executive prior to Executive’s employment or other service with the Corporation and is not subject to confidentiality restrictions; (iii) was obtained from a third party not in violation of any agreement with, or duty of confidentiality to, the Corporation; or (iv) was independently developed by Executive without use of or reference to the Corporation’s Confidential Information.
(c)During the Employment Period and thereafter, Executive will not at any time, except as directed by the Corporation, use for himself, herself, or others, directly or indirectly, any such Confidential Information, and, except as required by law or as directed by the Corporation, Executive will not disclose such Confidential Information, directly or indirectly, to any other Person or use, lecture upon, or publish any of the Confidential Information.
(d)All physical property and all notes, memoranda, files, records, writings, documents, and other materials of any and every nature, written or electronic, that Executive has prepared, developed, or received, or will prepare, develop, or receive in the course of his or her association with the Corporation or its Subsidiaries and that relate to or are useful in any manner to the Business or any other business now or hereafter conducted by the Corporation or its Subsidiaries, are and will remain the sole and exclusive property of such Persons.
Except as may be required in the performance of Executive’s duties under this Agreement, Executive will not remove from such Person’s premises any such physical property, the original, “soft copy,” or any reproduction of any such materials nor the information contained therein, and all such physical property, materials, and information in his or her possession or under his or her custody or control will, on the Termination Date, be immediately turned over to the Corporation or its Subsidiaries.
(e)Notwithstanding the foregoing, (i) nothing in this Agreement or other agreement prohibits Executive from reporting possible violations of law or regulation to any federal, state, or local governmental agency or entity (the “Government Agencies”), or communicating with Government Agencies or otherwise participating in any investigation or proceeding that may be conducted by Government Agencies, including providing documents or other information; (ii) Executive does not need the prior authorization of the Corporation to take any action described in (i), and Executive is not required to notify the Corporation that he or she has taken any action described in (i); and
(iii) the Agreement does not limit Executive’s right to receive an award for providing information relating to a possible securities law violation to the Securities and Exchange Commission.
(f)Further, notwithstanding the foregoing, Executive will not be held criminally or civilly liable under any Government Agency’s trade secret law for the disclosure of a trade secret that (i) is made (A) in confidence to a federal, state, or local government official, either directly or indirectly, or to an attorney, and (B) solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law; or (ii) is made in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, if such filing is made under seal.
Additionally, an individual suing an employer for retaliation based on the reporting of a suspected violation of law may disclose a trade secret to his or her attorney and use the trade secret information in the court proceeding, so long as any document containing the trade secret is filed under seal and the individual does not disclose the trade secret except pursuant to court order.
Executive agrees that during his or her employment with the Corporation, and for a period of one (1) year immediately following the termination thereof, whether voluntary or involuntary, he or she shall not, directly or indirectly, on behalf of himself or herself or any other person or entity, (a) work, whether on a full-time, part-time, consulting, or contractor basis, as a General Counsel, Secretary, or in another capacity similar to his or her management position with the Corporation for, (b) provide Business Services consulting to, (c) operate or manage, or (d) have an ownership interest in, any entity (including a sole proprietorship) in the Non-Compete Territory (as hereinafter defined) that operates a Business that is competitive with the Business of the Corporation or its Subsidiaries or that provides Business Services that are competitive with those provided by the Corporation or its Subsidiaries.
Although Executive acknowledges that the market area of the Corporation and its Subsidiaries extends throughout much of the United States and that he or she shall regularly be exposed to customers, Loan Sources, and related Confidential Information throughout that market area, the restriction in this Section 3.3 shall apply only to the area that is within a twenty-five (25)-mile radius of any branch or other office of the Corporation or its Subsidiaries (“Non-Compete Territory”).
Moreover, the restriction in this Section 3.3 shall not prevent Executive from owning, for personal
investment purposes, up to one percent (1%) of the stock of any entity whose securities are listed on a national or regional securities exchange or have been registered under Section 12(b) or Section 12(g) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.
3.4Covenant Not to Solicit Competitive Business Services Through or From Loan Sources.
“Loan Source,” as used in this Agreement, shall mean any automobile dealership, online credit application network, retailer, or other Business Services source that the Corporation or its Subsidiaries uses at any time during the last year of Executive’s employment with the Corporation and that Executive has contact with or is exposed to Confidential Information about through his or her employment with the Corporation.
3.5Covenant Not to Hire or Solicit Employees.
Executive agrees that during his or her employment with the Corporation, and for a period of one (1) year immediately following the termination thereof, whether voluntary or involuntary, he or she shall not, directly or indirectly, on behalf of himself or herself or any other person or entity, hire any Corporation Employee for, or solicit any Corporation Employee for the purpose of offering employment with, any entity or person (including himself or herself) that operates a Business that is competitive with the Business of the Corporation or its Subsidiaries or that provides Business Services that are competitive with those provided by the Corporation or its Subsidiaries.
“Corporation Employee,” as used in this Agreement, shall mean any employee who (a) is employed with the Corporation or any of its Subsidiaries at any time during the last six (6) months of Executive’s employment with the Corporation, and (b) either (1) has been exposed to Confidential Information or (2) has had contact with Executive through Executive’s employment with the Corporation.
(a)Executive has carefully read and considered the provisions of Sections 3.2, 3.3, 3.4, and 3.5 and, having done so, agrees that the restrictions, set forth in these Sections, including, but not limited to, the time period of restriction and the geographical area restriction, are fair and reasonable and are reasonably required for the protection of the interests of the Corporation.
(b)In the event that, notwithstanding the foregoing, either Section 3.2, 3.3, 3.4, or 3.5 above shall be held to be invalid or unenforceable, the remaining paragraph(s) thereof shall nevertheless continue to be valid and enforceable as though the invalid or unenforceable paragraph(s) had not been included therein.
(c)In the event that any provision of Sections 3.2, 3.3, 3.4, or 3.5 above shall be held to be invalid or unenforceable, the remaining provisions thereof shall nevertheless continue to be valid and enforceable as though the invalid or unenforceable provision(s) had not been included therein.
(d)In the event that any provision of Sections 3.2, 3.3, 3.4, or 3.5 relating to the time period of restriction, the geographic area restriction, and/or any related aspects is found by a court of competent jurisdiction to exceed the maximum restrictiveness such court deems reasonable and enforceable, then it is the express desire and intent of both the Corporation and Executive that such provision not be rendered invalid thereby, but rather that the duration, geographic area, scope, or nature of the restriction be deemed reduced or modified to the extent necessary to render such provision reasonable, valid, and enforceable.
The time period restriction, geographic area restriction, and/or any related aspects deemed reasonable and enforceable by the court shall then become, and thereafter be, the maximum restriction in such regard, and the provision, as reformed, shall remain valid and enforceable.
The Corporation and Executive acknowledge that this Section 3.6(d) is contractual in nature and expressly grant a court of competent jurisdiction the authority to effectuate this contractual provision.
During the term of Executive’s employment, and thereafter, Executive shall not make any disparaging remarks, or any remarks that could reasonably be construed as disparaging, regarding the Corporation, its Subsidiaries, or its or their officers, directors, employees, stockholders, representatives, or agents.
The Corporation shall, except to the extent otherwise required by applicable laws, rules, or regulations or as appropriate in the exercise of the Board’s fiduciary duties (as determined by the Board with advice of counsel), exercise reasonable efforts to cause the following individuals to refrain from making any disparaging statements, orally or in writing, regarding Executive from and after the termination of the Employment Period: the Corporation’s executive officers and the members of the Board.
3.8Use of Name.
Executive will not have the rights to and may not use the name “Regional Management Corp.” or any other name used by the Corporation or its Subsidiaries or any derivative or abbreviation thereof in any manner, including but not limited to in any activity prohibited under Sections 3.3, 3.4, or 3.5, or in any manner that could reasonably be expected to be adverse to the interests of the Corporation or its Subsidiaries.
This covenant shall survive indefinitely without limitation to time.
Executive acknowledges that this Agreement is designed and intended to protect the legitimate business interests of the Corporation and that the restrictions imposed by this Agreement are necessary, fair, and reasonably designed to protect those interests.
Executive further acknowledges that the Corporation has given him or her access to certain Confidential Information and that the use of such Confidential Information by him or her on behalf of some other entity (including himself or herself) would cause irreparable harm to
Executive also acknowledges that the Corporation has invested considerable time and resources in developing its relationships with its Loan Sources and customers and in training Corporation Employees, the loss of which similarly would cause irreparable harm to the Corporation.
Without limitation, Executive agrees that if he or she should breach or threaten to breach any of the restrictive covenants contained in Sections 3.2, 3.3, 3.4, 3.5, and 3.7 of this Agreement, the Corporation may, in addition to seeking other available remedies (including but in no way limited to the Corporation’s rights under Sections 2.7(a) and (e)), apply, consistent with Section 4.7 below, for the immediate entry of an injunction restraining any actual or threatened breaches or violations of said provisions or terms by Executive.
If, for any reason, any of the restrictive covenants or related provisions contained in Sections 3.2, 3.3, 3.4, 3.5, or 3.7 of this Agreement should be held invalid or otherwise unenforceable, it is agreed the court shall construe the pertinent Section(s) or provision(s) so as to allow its enforcement to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law.
Executive further agrees that any claimed breach of this Agreement by the Corporation shall not prevent, or otherwise be a defense against, the enforcement of any restrictive covenant or other Executive obligation herein.
3.10Executive Representations.
Executive represents that the restrictions on his or her business provided in this Agreement are fair and protect the legitimate business interests of the Corporation.
Executive represents further that the consideration for this Agreement is fair and adequate, and that even if the restrictions in this Agreement are applied to him or her, he or she shall still be able to earn a good and reasonable living from those activities, areas, and opportunities not restricted by this Agreement.
In addition, Executive represents he or she has had an opportunity to consult with independent counsel concerning this Agreement and is not relying on the Corporation or its counsel for any related legal, tax, or other advice.
3.11No Prior Obligations.
The Corporation represents and warrants that it is fully authorized and empowered to enter into this Agreement and that the performance of its obligations under this Agreement will not violate any agreement between it and any other person, firm, or organization.
Executive represents he or she is not subject to any contractual or other obligations, including but not limited to any non-competition, non-solicitation, confidentiality, and/or other restrictive covenants, that preclude him or her from entering into this Agreement or would in any way restrict his or her work activities as required under this Agreement.
Executive represents further that he or she does not possess any prior employer or other third-party proprietary information and shall not use or disclose any such information in his or her work for the Corporation.
In the event that said representations should be untrue to any material extent and a related action should be initiated against the Corporation or its Subsidiaries, Executive agrees to promptly indemnify the Corporation for any resulting liability and costs, including attorneys’ fees, as they are incurred in full.
obligations under this Agreement, including a copy of this Agreement, to his or her new employer or other entity or person for whom he or she intends to work or provide services.
MISCELLANEOUS
If to the Corporation, to:
or to such other address or addresses as any such party may from time to time designate as to itself, himself, or herself by like notice.
(a)Any provision of this Agreement may be amended or waived if, but only if, such amendment or waiver is in writing and is signed, in the case of an amendment, by each party to this Agreement, or in the case of a waiver, by the party against whom the waiver is to be effective.
(b)No failure or delay by any party in exercising any right, power, or privilege hereunder will operate as a waiver thereof nor will any single or partial exercise thereof
preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, power, or privilege.
The rights and remedies herein provided will be cumulative and not exclusive of any rights or remedies provided by law.
Unless expressly set forth to the contrary elsewhere in this Agreement, the parties will pay all of their respective expenses incurred in connection with any legal proceeding concerning a dispute arising out of this Agreement.
4.4Indemnification.
The Corporation will provide indemnification no less favorable than that set forth in the Corporation’s amended and restated bylaws as in effect on the Effective Date.
The Corporation agrees to use its best efforts to maintain a directors’ and officers’ liability insurance policy covering Executive to the extent the Corporation provides such coverage for its other executive officers and such policy is available on commercially reasonable terms.
Notwithstanding any indemnification rights provided under this Section 4.4, Executive shall not be entitled to any indemnification as to any matter where the Corporation has brought an action or has otherwise asserted a claim against Executive that Executive has breached this Agreement.
4.5Successors and Assigns.
The provisions, obligations and rights of this Agreement will be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors, assigns, heirs, and administrators; provided, however, that Executive may not assign, delegate, or otherwise transfer any of his or her rights or obligations under this Agreement without the prior written consent of the Corporation.
4.6No Third Party Beneficiaries.
Except as otherwise expressly provided for herein, this Agreement is for the sole benefit of the parties hereto and their permitted assigns, and nothing herein expressed or implied will give or be construed to give to any Person, other than the parties hereto and such permitted assigns, any legal or equitable rights hereunder.
4.7Choice of Law; Forum Selection; Jury Waiver.
This Agreement, including its interpretation, performance, breach, or any statutory or other claim relating to Executive’s employment with the Corporation, the termination thereof, or his or her work for the Corporation, shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of Delaware without giving any force or effect to the provisions of any conflict of law rule thereof, and unless superseded by federal law.
The parties knowingly and voluntarily agree that any controversy or dispute arising out of or otherwise related to this Agreement, including any statutory or other claim relating to Executive’s employment with the Corporation, the termination thereof, or his or her work for the Corporation, shall be tried exclusively, without jury, and consent to personal jurisdiction, in the state courts of Greenville, South Carolina or the United States District Court for the District of South Carolina, Greenville division.
Consistent with 6 Del.
Code Ann.
Section 2708(a), the parties consent to the jurisdiction of said South Carolina courts and the service of legal process on them for any civil action arising out of or otherwise related to this Agreement, including any statutory or other claim related to Executive’s employment with the Corporation or the termination thereof.
Except with respect to the Stock Plan, the Corporation’s 2011 Stock Incentive Plan, the Annual Incentive Plan, or any award agreement under any such plan, if any provision of any agreement, plan, program, policy, arrangement, or other written document between or related to the Corporation and Executive conflicts with any provision of this Agreement, the provision of this Agreement shall control and prevail.
The provisions of the Stock Plan, the Corporation’s 2011 Stock Incentive Plan, the Annual Incentive Plan, and any award agreements under such plans shall control over this Agreement.
4.9No Limitation of Rights.
Nothing in this Agreement shall limit or prejudice any rights of the Corporation under any other laws.
This Agreement may be signed in any number of counterparts, including via facsimile transmission, each of which will be an original, with the same effect as if the signatures thereto and hereto were upon the same instrument.
4.11Headings.
The headings in this Agreement are for convenience of reference only and will not control or affect the meaning or construction of any provisions hereof.
If any provision of this Agreement or the application of any such provision to any Person or circumstance is held invalid, illegal, or unenforceable in any respect by a court of competent jurisdiction, such invalidity, illegality, or unenforceability will not affect any other provision hereof.
If any provision of this Agreement is finally judicially determined to be invalid, ineffective, or unenforceable, the determination will apply only in the jurisdiction in which such final adjudication is made, and such provision will be deemed severed from this Agreement for purposes of such jurisdiction only, but every other provision of this Agreement will remain in full force and effect, and there will be substituted for any such provision held invalid, ineffective, or unenforceable, a provision of similar import reflecting the original intent of the parties to the extent permitted under applicable law.
4.13Certain Interpretive Matters.
(a)Unless the context otherwise requires, (i) all references to sections are to sections of this Agreement, (ii) each term defined in this Agreement has the meaning assigned to it, (iii) words in the singular include the plural and vice versa, and (iv) the terms “herein,” “hereof,” “hereby,” “hereunder,” and words of similar import shall mean references to this Agreement as a whole and not to any individual section or portion hereof.
All references to $ or dollar amounts will be to lawful currency of the United States.
(b)No provision of this Agreement will be interpreted in favor of, or against, any of the parties hereto by reason of the extent to which any such party or his, her, or its counsel participated in the drafting thereof or by reason of the extent to which any such provision is inconsistent with any prior draft hereof or thereof.
This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement among the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior agreements and understandings, both oral and written, including but not limited to any term sheet, offer letter,
employment agreement, or other description of terms, between the parties with respect to the subject matter of this Agreement; provided, however, that notwithstanding the foregoing or any other provision of the Agreement to the contrary, Executive and the Corporation expressly agree that the terms of any long-term incentive award agreements outstanding as of the Effective Date and granted under the Stock Plan or the Corporation’s 2011 Stock Incentive Plan shall continue in accordance with their terms.
Executive represents and agrees that Executive fully understands Executive’s right to discuss all aspects of this Agreement with Executive’s private attorney, and that to the extent, if any, that Executive desired, Executive utilized this right.
Executive further represents and agrees that: (i) Executive has carefully read and fully understands all of the provisions of this Agreement; (ii) Executive is competent to execute this Agreement; (iii) Executive’s agreement to execute this Agreement has not been obtained by any duress, and Executive freely and voluntarily enters into it; (iv) Executive is not subject to any covenants, agreements, or restrictions arising out of Executive’s prior employment (other than with the Corporation) that would be breached or violated by Executive’s execution of this Agreement or performance of duties hereunder; and (v) Executive has read this document in its entirety and fully understands the meaning, intent, and consequences of this document.
Executive agrees and acknowledges that the obligations owed to Executive under this Agreement are solely the obligations of the Corporation and that none of the Corporation’s stockholders, directors, or lenders will have any obligation or liabilities in respect of this Agreement and the subject matter hereof.
4.16Code Section 409A.
Notwithstanding any other provision in this Agreement to the contrary, if and to the extent that Code Section 409A is deemed to apply to any benefit under this Agreement, it is the general intention of the Corporation that such benefits shall, to the extent practicable, comply with, or be exempt from, Code Section 409A, and this Agreement shall, to the extent practicable, be construed in accordance therewith.
Deferrals of benefits distributable pursuant to this Agreement that are otherwise exempt from Code Section 409A in a manner that would cause Code Section 409A to apply shall not be permitted unless such deferrals are in compliance with or otherwise exempt from Code Section 409A.
To the extent that Executive becomes subject to the six-month delay rule, all payments of deferred compensation subject to Code Section 409A that would have been made to Executive during the six months following his or her separation from service, if any, will be accumulated and paid to Executive during the seventh month following his or her separation from service, and any remaining payments due will be made in their ordinary course as described in this Agreement.
Further, (i) in the event that Code Section 409A requires that any special terms, provisions, or conditions be included in this Agreement, then such terms, provisions, and conditions shall, to the extent practicable, be deemed to be made a part of this Agreement, and (ii) terms used in this Agreement shall be construed in accordance with Code Section 409A if and to the extent required.
Further, in the event that this Agreement or any benefit thereunder shall be deemed not to comply with Code Section 409A, then neither the Corporation, its Subsidiaries, the Board, the Compensation Committee, nor its or their designees or agents shall be liable to Executive or any other person for actions, decisions, or determinations made in good faith.
As a condition to entering into this Agreement, Executive agrees that he or she shall abide by all provisions of any equity retention policy, compensation recovery policy, stock ownership guidelines, and/or other similar policies maintained by the Corporation, each as in effect from time to time and to the extent applicable to Executive from time to time.
In addition, Executive shall be subject to such compensation recovery, recoupment, forfeiture, or other similar provisions as may apply at any time to Executive under applicable law.
Executive acknowledges and agrees that the Corporation may at any time require, as a condition to receipt of benefits payable under this Agreement, including but not limited to the payment of termination benefits pursuant to Sections 2.7(a), 2.7(d), 2.7(e), and 2.7(f) herein, that Executive (or a representative of his or her Estate) execute a waiver and release discharging the Corporation and its Subsidiaries, and their respective Affiliates, and its and their officers, directors, managers, employees, agents, and representatives and the heirs, predecessors, successors, and assigns of all of the foregoing, from any and all claims, actions, causes of action, or other liability, whether known or unknown, contingent or fixed, arising out of or in any way related to Executive’s employment, or the termination of Executive’s employment with the Corporation or the benefits thereunder, including, without limitation, any claims under this Agreement or other related instruments.
The waiver and release shall be in a form substantially similar to the form of release attached to this Agreement as Exhibit A and shall be executed prior to the expiration of the time period provided for payment of such benefits (including those provided under Section 2.7 herein).
4.19Tax Matters.
The Corporation has made no warranties or representations to Executive with respect to the tax consequences (including but not limited to income tax consequences) contemplated by this Agreement and/or any benefits to be provided pursuant thereto.
Executive acknowledges that there may be adverse tax consequences related to the transactions contemplated hereby and that Executive should consult with his or her own attorney, accountant, and/or tax advisor regarding the decision to enter into this Agreement and the consequences thereof.
Executive also acknowledges that the Corporation has no responsibility to take or refrain from taking any actions in order to achieve a certain tax result for Executive.
[Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank; Signature Page Follows]
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be duly executed effective as of the day and year first above written.
Name:
Title:
President and Chief Executive Officer
[Signature Page to Employment Agreement]
EXHIBIT A
A.The Corporation and Executive are parties to an Employment Agreement dated as of September 30, 2020 (the “Employment Agreement”) that, among its terms, provides that the Corporation will pay Executive certain individually-tailored severance benefits (the “Severance”) under certain circumstances in connection with the termination of Executive’s employment thereunder.
The parties intend this Agreement to be that release of claims.
NOW, THEREFORE, based on the foregoing and the terms and conditions below, the Corporation and Executive, desiring to amicably resolve any and all existing and potential disputes between them as of the date each executes this Agreement, and in consideration of the obligations and undertakings set forth below and intending to be legally bound, agree as follows.
1.Corporation’s Obligations.
2.Executive’s Obligations.
In return for the Corporation’s Obligations in Section 1 above, Executive knowingly and voluntarily agrees to the following:
(a)Executive hereby fully, finally, and forever releases, waives, and discharges, to the maximum extent that the law permits, any and all legal, equitable, and administrative claims, actions, causes of action, suits, debts, accounts, judgments, and demands (collectively, “Claims”) against the Corporation or any of its direct or indirect subsidiaries or affiliates that Executive has or may have through the date on which Executive signs this Agreement.
This full and final release, waiver, and discharge extends to all and each of every legal, equitable, and administrative Claim(s) of any kind or nature whatsoever including, without limitation, the following:
(iii)All rights and Claims of age discrimination and retaliation under the Age Discrimination in Employment Act (“ADEA”), as amended by the Older Workers Benefit Protection Act of 1990 (“OWBPA”);
Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing in this Section 2(a) shall constitute a waiver of (i) any Claims that arise as a result of conduct that occurs after the date that Executive signs this Agreement, (ii) any Claims for continuation rights under COBRA, or (iii) any Claims that do not exist as of the date that Executive signs this Agreement.
(b)Executive will not commence any civil actions against the Corporation except as necessary to enforce his or her rights and/or the Corporation’s obligations under this Agreement and the Employment Agreement.
The Severance that Executive is receiving in the Employment Agreement has a value that is greater than anything to which Executive is entitled.
Other than what Executive is receiving in the Employment Agreement, the Corporation owes Executive nothing else in return for Executive’s Obligations.
(c)Executive relinquishes any right to future employment with the Corporation, and the Corporation shall have the right to refuse to re-employ Executive without liability.
(d)Executive agrees to continue to adhere to the terms and conditions set forth in Article III (Restrictive Covenants) of the Employment Agreement.
Executive agrees that such terms and conditions are reasonable and necessary to protect the legitimate interests of the Corporation and that any violation of Article III of the Employment Agreement by Executive may cause substantial and irreparable harm to the Corporation.
Executive agrees that the Corporation may seek any remedies set forth in Section 2.7(a)(vii), Section 2.7(e)(vii), and/or Article III of the Employment Agreement should Executive violate Article III of the Employment Agreement.
The Corporation and Executive specifically agree that Section 2.7(a)(vii), Section 2.7(e)(vii), and Article III of the Employment Agreement are incorporated hereto by reference and integrated herein.
3.Certain Definitions.
For purposes of Section 2, “Executive” means Catherine R. Atwood and any person or entity that has or obtains any legal rights or claims through Catherine R. Atwood.
Further, the “Corporation” means Regional Management Corp. and any parent, subsidiary, and affiliated organization or entity in the present or past related to Regional Management Corp., and any past and present officers, directors, members, governors, attorneys, employees, agents, insurers, successors, and assigns of, and any person who acted on behalf of or instruction of, Regional Management Corp.
4.Other Provisions.
(b)This Agreement does not prohibit Executive from filing an administrative charge of discrimination with, or cooperating or participating in an investigation or proceeding conducted by, the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission or other federal or state regulatory or law enforcement agency.
However, Executive agrees not to seek or accept any money damages or other relief should any such charge be filed.
(c)Nothing in this Agreement affects Executive’s rights in any qualified retirement or welfare benefit plan or program in which Executive was a participant while employed by the Corporation.
In addition, any equity, equity-based, or other long-term incentive awards granted to Executive shall be governed by the terms of the applicable Stock Plan (as defined in the Employment Agreement) and related award agreement.
The terms of such plans, programs, and award agreements control Executive’s rights with respect thereto.
(d)The Corporation will indemnify Executive as permitted by and pursuant to any agreement or policy that the Corporation has adopted relating to indemnification of directors, officers, and employees, and as permitted by and pursuant to any provision of the Corporation’s certificate of incorporation or by-laws relating to such indemnification.
Executive will continue to be covered as permitted by and pursuant to any policy of directors and/or officers liability insurance policy on the terms and conditions of the applicable policy documents.
For the avoidance of doubt, nothing in Section 2(a) of this Agreement waives any right to claims for such indemnification or insurance coverage.
(e)Notwithstanding the foregoing, (i) nothing in this Agreement or other agreement prohibits Executive from reporting possible violations of law or regulation to any federal, state, or local governmental agency or entity (the “Government Agencies”), or communicating with Government Agencies or otherwise participating in any investigation or proceeding that may be conducted by Government Agencies, including providing documents or other information; (ii) Executive does not need the prior authorization of the Corporation to take any action described in (i), and Executive is not required to notify the Corporation that he or she has taken any action described in (i); and (iii) the Agreement does not limit Executive’s right to receive an award for providing information relating to a possible securities law violation to the Securities and Exchange Commission.
Further, notwithstanding the foregoing, Executive will not be held criminally or civilly liable under any Government Agency’s trade secret law for the disclosure of a trade secret that (i) is made (A) in confidence to a federal, state, or local government official, either directly or indirectly, or to an attorney, and (B) solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation or law; or (ii) is made in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, if such filing is made under seal.
Additionally, an individual suing an employer for retaliation based on the reporting of a suspected violation of law may disclose a trade secret to his or her attorney and use the trade secret information in the court proceeding, so long as any document containing the trade secret is filed under seal and the individual does not disclose the trade secret except pursuant to court order.
(f)The terms and obligations of the Employment Agreement and this Agreement shall inure to the benefit of Executive’s heirs and estate.
5.Executive’s Rights to Counsel, Consider, Revoke, and Rescind.
(a)The Corporation hereby advises Executive to consult with an attorney prior to signing this Agreement.
Executive agrees that he or she was provided this Agreement on ________________, 20__ for consideration.
If Executive signs this Agreement, Executive understands that Executive is entitled to revoke Executive’s release of any rights or claims under the ADEA and OWBPA within seven days after Executive has executed it, and Executive’s release of any rights or claims under the ADEA and OWBPA will not become effective or enforceable until the seven-day period has expired.
If Executive revokes or rescinds Executive’s waivers of discrimination claims as provided above, Executive shall not be entitled to receive the Severance.
The Corporation and Executive enter into this Agreement expressly disavowing fault, liability, and wrongdoing, liability at all times having been denied.
Neither this Agreement, nor anything contained in it, will be construed as an admission by either of them of any liability, wrongdoing, or unlawful conduct whatsoever.
executed, no term of this Agreement will be deemed an admission by either party of any right that he/she/it may have with or against the other.
7.No Oral Modification or Waiver.
This Agreement may not be changed orally.
No breach of any provision hereof can be waived by either party unless in writing.
Waiver of any one breach by a party will not be deemed to be a waiver of any other breach of the same or any other provision hereof.
This Agreement will be governed by the substantive laws of the State of Delaware without regard to conflicts of law principles.
Executive and the Corporation knowingly and voluntarily agree that any controversy or dispute arising out of or otherwise related to this Agreement, including any employment or statutory claim, shall be tried exclusively, without jury, and consent to personal jurisdiction, in the state courts of Greenville, South Carolina or the United States District Court for the District of South Carolina, Greenville division.
10.Counterparts.
This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each such counterpart will be deemed to be an original instrument, and all such counterparts together will constitute but one agreement.
11.Blue Pencil Doctrine.
In the event that any provision of this Agreement is unenforceable under applicable law, the validity or enforceability of the remaining provisions will not be affected.
To the extent any provision of this Agreement is judicially determined to be unenforceable, a court of competent jurisdiction may reform any such provision to make it enforceable.
The provisions of this Agreement will, where possible, be interpreted so as to sustain its legality and enforceability.
Executive and the Corporation have voluntarily and free from coercion entered into this Agreement.
Each has read this Agreement carefully and understands all of its terms, and has had the opportunity to discuss this Agreement with his/her/its own attorney prior to its execution.
In agreeing to sign this Agreement, neither party has relied on any statements or explanations made by the other party, their respective agents, or attorneys except as set forth in this Agreement.
Both parties agree to abide by this Agreement.
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be duly executed as of the dates set forth below.
Name:
Its:
