(d)“Annual Bonus”: as defined in Section 2.4(b).
Notwithstanding the preceding provisions, in the event that any compensation paid under this Agreement is deemed to be deferred compensation subject to (and not exempt from) the provisions of Code Section 409A, then payment to be made upon a Change of Control may be permitted, in the Board’s discretion, upon the occurrence of one or more of the following events (as they are defined and interpreted under Code Section 409A): (A) a change in the ownership of the Corporation; (B) a change in effective control of the Corporation; or (C) a change in the ownership of a substantial portion of the assets of the Corporation.
(m)“Compensation Committee”: Compensation Committee of the Board.
2.4Compensation.
(a)Salary.
For Executive’s services under this Agreement, the Corporation will pay to Executive an annualized base salary (the “Salary”) of $275,000 (prorated for any partial year based on a fraction, the numerator of which shall be the number of days employed in such year and the denominator of which shall be 365 (or 366 in a leap year)).
The Board or the Compensation Committee may review the amount of Salary from time to time and may adjust Salary upwards after any such review, with any such upward adjustments effective as of the dates determined by the Board or the Compensation Committee.
Executive’s Salary will be payable to Executive periodically in accordance with the normal practices of the Corporation.
(b)Annual Bonus.
For each fiscal year during the Employment Period, commencing with fiscal year 2021, Executive shall be eligible for participation in the Annual Incentive Plan with a target bonus (the “Target Bonus”) thereunder equal to no less than one hundred percent (100%) of Executive’s Salary in effect at the beginning of the fiscal year and which will be prorated for any partial fiscal year based on a fraction, the numerator of which shall be the number of days employed in such partial fiscal year and the denominator of which shall be 365 (or 366 in a leap year).
The Compensation Committee shall establish and communicate to Executive performance criteria for the Corporation and/or Executive and one or more formula(s) for determining the annual bonus, if any, earned by Executive under the Annual Incentive Plan (the “Annual Bonus”) for each fiscal year.
by the Corporation in good standing on the last day of the applicable fiscal year, Executive will be entitled to receive an Annual Bonus for such year, to the extent earned, in an amount determined in accordance with such formula(s) set by the Compensation Committee based on the actual performance of the Corporation and/or Executive relative to the performance criteria established by the Compensation Committee for that year.
Any Annual Bonus due to Executive pursuant to this Section 2.4(b) shall be paid in cash in a lump sum no later than 70 days following the fiscal year during which Executive’s right to the Annual Bonus vests (or otherwise in a manner intended to be compliant with, or exempt from, Code Section 409A).
Unless otherwise addressed under Section 2.7, Annual Bonus entitlement (to the extent earned) vests and is fully payable if Executive is employed by the Corporation on the last day of the applicable fiscal year, even if Executive is no longer employed at the time the Annual Bonus is scheduled to be paid.
(c)Long-Term Incentive Compensation.
(d)Future Compensation Opportunities.
Commencing in 2021, and for the remainder of the Employment Period, the Corporation undertakes and agrees to provide Executive with an annual Salary, cash incentive compensation opportunity, and equity or long-term incentive compensation opportunity of no less than $825,000 in the aggregate (inclusive of the grant date fair value of long-term incentive awards and prorated for any partial fiscal year); provided, however, that (i) Executive’s Salary shall be subject to the provisions of Section 2.4(a) herein, (ii) the Compensation Committee shall have sole discretion to determine any allocation between cash incentive opportunities and equity or equity-based incentive opportunities, (iii) such cash incentive opportunities and equity or equity-based incentive opportunities shall be subject to the terms of the applicable Corporation plan (including the Annual Incentive Plan and/or the Stock Plan) and any related award agreement, including any performance or multi-year service criteria established by the Compensation Committee under any such plan or award agreement, and (iv) the Compensation Committee shall have sole discretion to determine if and to the extent that any such equity or equity-based incentive opportunities and/or cash incentive opportunities are deemed earned and payable based on the attainment of performance criteria and such other terms and conditions as may be established by the Compensation Committee (including, without limitation, multi-year vesting requirements if applicable under any such plan or award agreement and so determined by the Compensation Committee).
(a)Benefit Plans.
Executive shall be entitled to paid vacation time of not less than 25 business days for each calendar year of the Employment Period (prorated for any partial year, based on a fraction, the numerator of which shall be the number of days employed in such partial year and the denominator of which shall be 365 (or 366 in a leap year)).
(c)Expenses; Reimbursements.
Subject to compliance with the Corporation’s policies as from time to time in effect regarding the incurrence, substantiation, verification, and reimbursement of business expenses, the Corporation will promptly pay or reimburse Executive for all reasonable expenses incurred in connection with the performance of Executive’s duties hereunder or for promoting, pursuing, or otherwise furthering the Business of the Corporation, including Executive’s reasonable expenses for travel, entertainment, and similar items.
Executive acknowledges and agrees that the provisions of Section 2.5(d) below provide the exclusive reimbursement terms for Executive’s use of any personal vehicles in connection with the performance of his or her duties as an employee of the Corporation.
All expenses eligible for reimbursements or in-kind benefits provided in connection with Executive’s employment with the Corporation must be incurred by Executive during the term of employment or service to the Corporation and all expenses eligible for reimbursements must be in accordance with the Corporation’s expense reimbursement policies.
Each category of reimbursement shall be paid as soon as administratively practicable, but in no event shall any such reimbursement be paid after the last day of Executive’s taxable year following the taxable year in which the expense was incurred.
(d)Mileage Reimbursement.
The Corporation will, in accordance with the Corporation’s general personal vehicle use reimbursement policy (and consistent with the provisions of Section 2.5(c) herein), promptly reimburse Executive an amount equal to $0.50 (or such higher amount as may apply pursuant to the Corporation’s mileage reimbursement policy as it may be in effect from time to time) for each mile he or she drives a personal car in connection with the performance of his or her duties as an employee of the Corporation.
The Corporation will, at its option, either (i) provide Executive with a mobile phone (including monthly service fees), the reasonable costs of which shall be paid by the Corporation directly to the service provider, or (ii) promptly reimburse Executive for the expense that Executive incurs in providing for his or her own mobile phone, not to exceed $75 per month (or such higher amount as may apply pursuant to the Corporation’s mobile phone reimbursement policy as it may be in effect from time to time).
(f)Disability Insurance Premiums.
If Executive so elects, the Corporation shall pay to Executive an additional amount necessary to put Executive in substantially the same after-tax position that he or she would have been in had he or she not elected to include such disability insurance premiums in income (taking into account all federal, state, and local income and employment taxes due as a result of the inclusion of such disability insurance premiums in income).
Payment of the additional amount, if any, shall be made to Executive in the same pay periods in which the disability insurance premiums are included in income.
The Corporation may elect to pay to Executive his or her portion of Salary for the notice period in lieu of permitting Executive to continue working.
(ii)Severance Payments.
(iv)Timing of Payments.
The payment required by Section 2.7(a)(ii)(A) will be made as and at such times as Executive would have otherwise received his or her Salary had he or she remained an employee of the Corporation (that is, in accordance with Corporation payroll practices).
The payments required by Section 2.7(a)(ii)(B)–(C) will be made in equal installments over the Severance Period as and at such times as Executive would have otherwise received his or her Salary had he or she remained an employee of the Corporation (that is, in accordance with Corporation payroll practices), subject to execution of an irrevocable release as provided in Section 4.18 and provided that such amounts shall be paid commencing with the first payroll date that occurs on or after 45 calendar days following the Termination Date.
The payment required by Section 2.7(a)(ii)(D) will be made as and at such time as Executive would have otherwise received his or her Annual Bonus had he or she remained an employee of the Corporation, subject to execution of an irrevocable release as provided in Section 4.18.
(v)Additional Payments.
In addition, the Corporation will pay to Executive all unreimbursed expenses incurred by Executive prior to his or her termination pursuant to Section 2.7(a) for which Executive is entitled to
reimbursement pursuant to and in accordance with Section 2.5(c).
Further, during the Severance Period, the Corporation shall pay reasonable outplacement service expenses of Executive in an amount not to exceed $25,000.
If Executive dies during the Employment Period, the Corporation will pay to such Person or Persons as Executive may designate in writing or, in the absence of such designation, to the estate of Executive (as the case may be, the “Estate”) the sum of (i) accrued but unpaid Salary earned prior to Executive’s death, (ii) expenses incurred by Executive prior to his or her death for which Executive is entitled to reimbursement pursuant to and in accordance with Section 2.5(c), and (iii) a pro-rata portion of the Annual Bonus for the year in which Executive’s death occurs, to the extent earned (such amount to be calculated by determining the amount of the Annual Bonus earned as of the end of the year in which the death occurs and pro-rating such amount by the portion of such year Executive was employed by the Corporation), plus, if Executive’s death occurs after year-end but before the Annual Bonus for the preceding year is paid, the Annual Bonus for the preceding year, to the extent earned.
The payments described in clauses (i) and (ii) in the preceding sentence will be made within 45 calendar days following the date of Executive’s death.
Any Annual Bonus will be paid as and at such times as Executive would have otherwise received his or her Annual Bonus had he or she remained an employee of the Corporation.
(ii)Severance Payments.
(iii)Timing of Payments.
The payment required by Section 2.7(e)(ii)(A) will be made as and at such times as Executive would have otherwise received his or her Salary had he or she remained an employee of the Corporation (that is, in accordance with Corporation payroll practices).
The payments required by Section 2.7(e)(ii)(B)–(C) will be made in equal installments over the Severance Period as and at such times as Executive would have otherwise received his or her Salary had he or she remained an employee of the Corporation (that is, in accordance with Corporation payroll practices), subject to execution of an irrevocable release as provided in Section 4.18 and provided that such amounts shall be paid commencing with the first payroll date that occurs on or after 45 calendar days following the Termination Date.
The payment required by Section 2.7(e)(ii)(D) will be made as and at such time as Executive would have otherwise received his or her Annual Bonus had he or she remained an employee of the Corporation, subject to execution of an irrevocable release as provided in Section 4.18.
(iv)Additional Payments.
In addition, the Corporation will pay to Executive all unreimbursed expenses incurred by Executive prior to his or her termination pursuant to Section 2.7(e) for which Executive is entitled to reimbursement pursuant to and in accordance with Section 2.5(c).
Further, during the Severance Period, the Corporation shall pay reasonable outplacement service expenses of Executive in an amount not to exceed $25,000.
(v)Offset for Disability Benefits.
The payment obligations of the Corporation set forth in this Section 2.7(e) will be reduced by the amount of any disability benefits paid to Executive pursuant to any disability insurance, plan, or policy provided and paid for by the Corporation.
(f)Payment of COBRA Premiums; No Effect on Vested and Accrued Benefits.
Such reimbursement shall be paid to Executive on the 20th day of the month immediately following the month in which Executive timely remits the required COBRA premium payment.
Attention: Chief Executive Officer
Attention: Catherine R. Atwood
4.3Expenses.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Corporation shall pay the reasonable fees and expenses of Executive’s attorney not to exceed $5,000 in connection with the negotiation of this Agreement.
In the event that the Corporation (or a successor thereto) has any stock which is publicly traded on an established securities market or otherwise and Executive is determined to be a “specified employee” (as defined under Code Section 409A), any payment of deferred compensation subject to Code Section 409A to be made to Executive upon a separation from service may not be made before the date that is six months after Executive’s separation from service (or death, if earlier).
Whenever payments under the Agreement are to be made in installments, each such installment shall be deemed to be a separate payment for purposes of Code Section
B.Under the Employment Agreement, the Corporation is not obligated to pay the Severance unless Executive has signed a release of claims in favor of the Corporation.
In return for “Executive’s Obligations” (as described in Section 2 below), and provided that Executive signs this Agreement and does not exercise Executive’s rights to revoke or rescind Executive’s waivers of certain discrimination claims (as described in Section 5 below), the Corporation will pay to Executive the Severance.
(a)The Corporation has paid or will pay Executive in full for all reimbursable business expenses, earned annualized salary, earned unpaid bonus pay, and any other earnings through the last day of Executive’s employment (if and to the extent such payments are required to be made pursuant to the terms of the Employment Agreement).
