Exhibit 10.7
(l)“Code”: the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, or any successor thereto.
(n)“Confidential Information”: as defined in Section 3.2.
Notwithstanding the preceding, for any of the foregoing events to constitute Good Reason, Executive must provide written notification of his or her intention to resign for Good Reason within 30 days after Executive knows or has reason to know of the occurrence of any such event, and the Corporation shall have 30 days from the date of receipt of such notice to effect a cure of the condition constituting Good Reason, and, upon cure thereof by the Corporation, such event shall no longer constitute Good Reason.
8
(e)Use of Mobile Phone.
14
16
(c)Executive irrevocably appoints the Corporation as his or her attorney in his or her name (with full power of substitution and re-substitution) and on his or her behalf to execute all documents, and do all things, required in order to give full effect to the provisions of this Section 3.1.
(i)the identities of customers and key accounts and relationships and potential customers and key accounts and relationships, including, without limitation, the identity of customers and key accounts and potential customers and key accounts cultivated or maintained by Executive while providing services to the Corporation or its Subsidiaries, or that Executive cultivates or maintains while providing services to the Corporation or its Subsidiaries using the Corporation’s (or its Subsidiaries’) products, name, and infrastructure, and the identities of contact persons at those customers and key accounts and potential customers and key accounts, as well as other such confidential information related to the Business to which Executive is exposed during the course of his or her employment or service;
(ii)the particular preferences, likes, dislikes, and needs of those customers and key accounts and relationships, and potential customers and key accounts and contact persons with respect to service types, financing terms, pricing, sales calls, timing, sales terms, rental terms, lease terms, service plans, and other marketing terms and techniques;
(iii)the business methods, practices, strategies, forecasts, pricing, and marketing techniques;
(iv)the identities of brokers, licensors, vendors, and other suppliers and the identities of contact persons at such brokers, licensors, vendors, and other suppliers;
(v)the identities of key sales representatives and personnel and other employees;
(vi)advertising and sales materials, research, technology, intellectual property rights, training materials and techniques, computer software, and related materials;
17
(vii)other facts and financial and other business information concerning such Persons or relating to their business, operations, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects; and
(viii)all other information the Corporation or its Subsidiaries try to keep confidential and that has commercial value or is of such a nature that its unauthorized disclosure would be detrimental to the Corporation’s or any of its Subsidiaries’ interests.
18
(g)Further, Executive may disclose Confidential Information (i) to the extent required by a court of law, by any governmental agency having supervisory authority over the business of the Corporation, or by any administrative or legislative body (including a committee thereof) with apparent jurisdiction to order him or her to divulge, disclose, or make accessible such information (provided, however, that the Corporation is given reasonable prior notice of such proposed disclosure and a reasonable period of time to secure a protective order or take other action to protect such Confidential Information (at the Corporation’s expense));  or (ii) to Executive’s spouse, attorney, and/or his or her personal tax and financial advisors as necessary or appropriate to advance Executive’s tax, financial, and other personal planning (each, an “Exempt Person”), provided, however, that (A) each such Exempt Person is notified of the confidential nature of the Confidential Information, (B) such disclosure to an Exempt Person does not violate applicable laws, rules, or regulations, and (C) any disclosure or use of Confidential Information by an Exempt Person shall be deemed to be a breach of this Section 3.2 by Executive.
the Corporation.
3.12Survival; Subsequent Employer Notice.
In addition, Executive authorizes the Corporation to provide notice of his or her
4.1Notices.
All notices and other communications required or permitted hereunder will be in writing and, unless otherwise provided in this Agreement, will be deemed to have been duly given when delivered in person or by a nationally recognized overnight courier service or when dispatched if during normal business hours by electronic facsimile transfer (confirmed in writing by mail simultaneously dispatched) to the appropriate party at the address specified below:
979 Batesville Road, Suite B
Greer, SC  29651
Facsimile No.
: (864) 729-4261
With a copy to:
One Wells Fargo Center
301 South College Street, Suite 3500
Charlotte, NC  28202-6037
Facsimile No.
: (704) 338-7823
979 Batesville Road, Suite B
Greer, SC  29651
Facsimile No.
: (864) 329-8392
4.2Amendments and Waivers.
4.8Controlling Document.
4.15Full Understanding.
4.18Waiver and Release.
By:
/s/ Robert W. Beck
28
RELEASE OF CLAIMS
To revoke such release, Executive must put the rescission in writing and deliver it to the Corporation by hand or mail within the seven-day period.
If Executive delivers the rescission by mail, it must be: (i) postmarked within seven calendar days after the date on which Executive signs this Agreement; (ii) addressed to the Corporation, c/o General Counsel, 979 Batesville Road, Suite B, Greer, SC 29651; and (iii) sent by certified mail return receipt requested.
8.Governing Law.
9.Forum Selection, Jurisdiction, and Venue.
By:
By:
