The Company shall initially register for resale all of the Registrable Securities, or an amount equal to the maximum amount allowed under Rule 415 (a)(1)(i) as interpreted by the SEC.
The Company shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to have the Registration Statement filed with the SEC within ninety (90) days following the Closing Date (the “Filing Deadline”).
c The Company shall furnish to the Holder and its legal counsel without charge and upon request (i) promptly after the same is prepared and filed with the SEC at least one copy of such Registration Statement and any amendment(s) thereto, including financial statements and schedules, all documents incorporated therein by reference and all exhibits, the prospectus included in such Registration Statement (including each preliminary prospectus) and, with regards to such Registration Statement(s), any correspondence by or on behalf of the Company to the SEC or the staff of the SEC and any correspondence from the SEC or the staff of the SEC to the Company or its representatives, (ii) upon the effectiveness of any Registration Statement, a copy of the prospectus included in such Registration Statement and all amendments and supplements thereto (or such other number of copies as the Holder may reasonably request) and (iii) such other documents, including copies of any preliminary or final prospectus, as the Holder may reasonably request from time to time in order to facilitate the disposition of the Registrable Securities.
 d. [RESERVED] e. The Company shall immediately notify the Holder in writing of the happening of any event as a result of which the prospectus included in a Registration Statement, as then in effect, would then contain an untrue statement of a material fact or omission to state a material fact, which would otherwise be required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading; and, as a result, is required to be supplemented or as a result of which the Registration Statement is required to be amended (“Registration Default”) and use all diligent efforts to promptly prepare any necessary supplement to such prospectus or amendment to such Registration Statement and take any other necessary steps to cure the Registration Default, (which, if such Registration Statement is on Form S-3, may consist of a document to be filed by the Company with the SEC pursuant to Section 13(a), 13(c), 14 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”) and to be incorporated by reference in the prospectus) to correct such untrue statement or omission, and deliver one (1) copy of such supplement or amendment to Holder (or such other number of copies as Holder may reasonably request; delivery via EDGAR shall constitute delivery).
The Company shall also promptly notify Holder in writing (i) when a prospectus or any prospectus supplement or post-effective amendment has been filed, and when a Registration Statement or any post-effective amendment has become effective (notification of such effectiveness shall be delivered to Holder by facsimile on the same day of such effectiveness and by overnight mail); (ii) of any request by the SEC for amendments or supplements to a Registration Statement or related prospectus or related information; (iii) of the Company’s reasonable determination that a post-effective amendment to a Registration Statement would be appropriate; (iv) in the event the Registration Statement is no longer effective; or (v) the Registration Statement is stale for a period of more than five (5) trading days as a result of the Company’s failure to timely file its financials with the SEC.
g. The Company shall permit the Holder and its counsel, of the Holder’s choosing, to review and comment upon all Registration Statements, amendments and supplements, at least seven (7) days prior to filing.
l. The Company shall provide a transfer agent for all the Registrable Securities not later than the Effective Date of the first Registration Statement filed pursuant hereto.
m. If requested by the Holder, the Company shall (i) as soon as reasonably practical, incorporate in a prospectus supplement or post-effective amendment such information as Holder reasonably determines should be included therein relating to the sale and distribution of Registrable Securities; (ii) make all required filings of such prospectus supplement or post-effective amendment as soon as notified of the matters to be incorporated in such prospectus supplement or post-effective amendment; and (iii) supplement or make amendments to any Registration Statement if reasonably requested by Holder.
The Company shall make available to the Holder as soon as reasonably practical, but not later than ninety (90) calendar days after the close of the period covered thereby, an earnings statement (in form complying with the provisions of Rule 158 under the Securities Act) covering a 12-month period beginning not later than the first day of the Company’s fiscal quarter next following the effective date of any Registration Statement.
Filing via EDGAR shall constitute delivery.
Within five (5) business days after the Registration Statement which includes Registrable Securities is declared effective by the SEC, the Company shall deliver, and shall cause legal counsel for the Company to deliver, to the transfer agent for such Registrable Securities, with copies to the Holder, confirmation that such Registration Statement has been declared effective by the SEC in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A. r. After the SEC declares the Registration Statement cleared of all comments and the Company’s acceptance of the effectiveness of the Registration Statement, the Company shall file a prospectus covering the resale of the Registrable Securities (the “Prospectus”) within five (5) trading days.
The Company shall first offer allocation of any unallocated shares to Holder before allocating them to any other person.
Holder shall have five (5) business days to either accept the offer of Registered Securities, in whole or in part, or to decline such offer.
At least five (5) calendar days prior to the first anticipated filing date of a Registration Statement, the Company shall notify the Holder in writing of the information the Company requires from the Holder.
d. Promptly after receipt by an Indemnified Party under this Section 6 of notice of the commencement of any action or proceeding (including any governmental action or proceeding) involving a Claim, such Indemnified Party shall, if a Claim in respect thereof is to be made against any indemnifying party under this Section 6, deliver to the indemnifying party a written notice of the commencement thereof, and the indemnifying party shall have the right to participate in, and, to the extent the indemnifying party so desires, jointly with any other indemnifying party similarly noticed, to assume control of the defense thereof with counsel mutually satisfactory to the indemnifying party and the Indemnified Person or the Indemnified Party, as the case may be; provided, however, that an Indemnified Party shall have the right to retain its own counsel with the fees and expenses to be paid by the indemnifying party, if, in the reasonable opinion of counsel retained by the indemnifying party, the representation by such counsel of the Indemnified Party and the indemnifying party would be inappropriate due to actual or potential differing interests between such Indemnified Party and any other party represented by such counsel in such proceeding.
Any notices, consents, waivers or other communications required or permitted to be given under the terms of this Agreement must be in writing and will be deemed to have been delivered (i) upon receipt, when delivered personally; (ii) upon receipt, when sent by facsimile (provided a confirmation of transmission is mechanically or electronically generated and kept on file by the sending Party); or (iii) one (1) day after deposit with a nationally recognized overnight delivery service, in each case properly addressed to the Party to receive the same.
Each Party shall provide five (5) business days prior notice to the other Party of any change in address, phone number or facsimile number.
Execution and delivery of this Agreement by exchange of facsimile copies bearing the facsimile signature of a Party shall constitute a valid and binding execution and delivery of this Agreement by such Party.
g. Each Party shall do and perform, or cause to be done and performed, all such further acts and things, and shall execute and deliver all such other agreements, certificates, instruments and documents, as the other Party may reasonably request in order to carry out the intent and accomplish the purposes of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby.
Waiver.
This Agreement may not be amended, changed or modified other than by an instrument in writing specifying such amendment and signed by both Parties.
