(a) Initial Term.
Executive shall be employed by Company for the duties set forth in Section 2 for a one-year term commencing as of March 2, 2012 and ending on the first anniversary of such date (the “Initial Term”), unless sooner terminated in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement.
(b) Renewal Term; Employment Period Defined.
As a result, on each day after the commencement of the Initial Term, without further action on the part of Company or Executive, this Agreement shall be automatically renewed for a new one-year term from that day forward (a “Renewal Term”).
If this notice of non-renewal is given, the Agreement shall immediately cease to renew and shall terminate naturally at the end of the then current Renewal Term.
No severance or other post-termination compensation will be due or payable in the event of a termination resulting from non-renewal.
(a) Job Duties.
(b) Best Efforts.
(c) Section 16.
If, at the time Executive’s employment is terminated for any reason, Executive is a person designated to file pursuant to Section 16 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the “1934 Act”), Executive will provide to Company a written representation in a form acceptable to Company that all reportable pre-termination securities transactions relating to Executive have been reported.
(d) Clawback.
2
If Executive’s employment is terminated as a result of Executive’s death, or if Executive becomes Disabled, Executive, or Executive’s estate, as the case may be, shall be entitled to receive the Base Salary due to Executive through the date of Executive’s death or Disability.
(b) Disability.
The effective date of Executive’s Disability is the last day of the third month for which Executive receives the income replacement benefits.
(c) Termination of Employment.
Unless otherwise prohibited by law, Executive’s employment shall terminate on the first business day following the effective date of Executive’s Disability.
Executive’s employment also shall terminate on the date of Executive’s death.
(a) Termination for Cause.
Company may terminate this Agreement and Executive’s employment at any time during the Initial Term or any Renewal Term for “Cause” upon written notice to Executive specifying the basis for the termination.
If Company terminates this Agreement for “Cause,” Executive’s Base Salary shall immediately cease, and Executive shall not be entitled to severance payments, Incentive Compensation Plan payments or any other payments or benefits pursuant to this Agreement, except for any vested rights pursuant to any benefit plans in which Executive participates and any accrued compensation, accrued and unused vacation pay and similar items.
For purposes of this Agreement, the term “Cause” shall mean the termination of Executive’s employment by Company for one or more of the following reasons:(1) the misappropriation (or attempted misappropriation) of any of Company’s funds or property;(2) the conviction of, or the entering of a guilty plea or plea of no contest with respect to, a felony or misdemeanor which involves moral turpitude or a fraudulent act;(3) repeated willful and significant neglect of duties; 3
(4) acts of material dishonesty or disloyalty toward Company;(5) repeated material violation of any material written policy with respect to Company’s business or operations;(6) repeated significant deficiencies with respect to performance objectives assigned by the Chief Executive Officer of Company; or(7) Executive’s material breach of this Agreement (after notice and an opportunity to cure).If Executive is terminated for Cause, Company shall be obligated to pay Executive only the Base Salary (from Section 3(a)) and benefits (from Section 3(c)) due to Executive through the termination date, and Executive will not be entitled to, nor will Executive receive, any type of severance payment.
(b) Termination Without Cause.
Company also may terminate this Agreement and Executive’s employment at any time during the Initial Term or any Renewal Term without Cause.
Company may, in its discretion, place Executive on a paid administrative leave prior to the actual date of termination set by Company.
In the event Executive’s employment is terminated by Company without Cause, and Executive signs (and does not revoke) the Release described in Section 12, Executive shall receive a single lump sum cash payment in an amount equal to 100% of Executive’s annual Base Salary as in effect on the date Executive’s employment is terminated.
(d) Welfare Benefit Continuation.
If Executive’s employment is terminated by Company without Cause, and such employment termination qualifies as a Separation from Service, Executive shall be entitled to continue to receive life, disability, accident and group health and dental insurance benefits, at substantially the levels Executive was receiving immediately prior to Executive’s Separation from Service, for a period of time expiring upon the earlier of: (1) the end of the period of twelve (12) months following Executive’s Separation from Service, or (2) the day on which Executive becomes eligible to receive any substantially similar benefits under any plan or program of any other employer or source without being required to pay any premium with respect thereto.
4
(e) Other Plans.
(a) General.
Executive may terminate this Agreement and Executive’s employment at any time, with or without “Good Reason.” Company may, in its discretion, place Executive on a paid administrative leave prior to the actual date of termination of Executive’s employment.
Executive may terminate this Agreement and Executive’s employment for Good Reason if Executive provides Company with written notice of the breach or action giving rise to Good Reason within ninety (90) days of the initial existence of such breach or action.
For purposes of this Agreement, “Good Reason” shall mean and include each of the following (unless Executive has expressly agreed to such event in a signed writing):(1) a material diminution in Executive’s authority, duties, or responsibilities;(2) any material act or acts of dishonesty by Company directed toward or affecting Executive;(3) any illegal act or instruction directly affecting Executive by Company, which is not withdrawn after Company is notified of the illegality by Executive; or(4) Company’s material breach of this Agreement.
5
Executive’s employment will terminate on the day following the expiration of this thirty (30) day “cure period,” unless Executive and Company agree to a later date not later than two (2) years following the initial existence of such breach or action.
Executive shall be deemed to have waived Executive’s right to terminate for Good Reason with respect to any such breach or action if Executive does not notify Company in writing of such breach or action within ninety (90) days of the event that gives rise to such breach or action.
(c) Effect of Termination by Executive for Good Reason.
If Executive terminates this Agreement and Executive’s employment for Good Reason, it shall for all purposes be treated as a termination by Company without Cause and Executive shall be entitled to compensation in accordance with Section 6.
(d) Effect of Termination by Executive Without Good Reason.
If Executive terminates this Agreement and Executive’s employment without Good Reason, while the termination shall not be characterized as a termination for Cause, it shall for all purposes, result in the same compensation as a termination for Cause in accordance with Section 6.
(a) Continued Eligibility to Receive Benefits.
In furtherance of such goal and in further consideration of Executive’s continued employment with Company, if a Change in Control (as defined in Section 8(c)) occurs, Executive shall be entitled to the lump-sum severance benefit provided in Section 8(b) if, prior to the expiration of twelve (12) months after the Change in Control, (1) Executive terminates Executive’s employment with Company for Good Reason in accordance with the requirements of Section 7(b), or (2) Company terminates Executive’s employment without Cause pursuant to Section 6(b).
The full severance benefits provided by this Section 8 shall be payable regardless of the period remaining until the expiration of the Initial Term or any Renewal Term.
If Executive is entitled to receive a severance benefit pursuant to Section 8(a) hereof:(1) If Executive signs (and does not revoke) the Release described in Section 12, Executive shall receive a single lump sum cash payment in an amount equal to 100% of the Executive’s highest annualized Base Salary in effect on any date during the Initial Term or any Renewal Term.
Any payment made pursuant to this Section 8(b)(2) will be made within sixty (60) days following the date of termination of Executive’s employment.
6
(3) If Executive’s employment termination constitutes a Separation from Service, Executive shall be entitled to continue to receive life, disability, accident and group health and dental insurance benefits, at substantially the levels Executive was receiving immediately prior to Executive’s Separation from Service, for a period of time expiring upon the earlier of: (1) the end of the period of twelve (12) months following Executive’s Separation from Service, or (2) the day on which Executive becomes eligible to receive any substantially similar benefits under any plan or program of any other employer or source without being required to pay any premium with respect thereto.
Company’s obligation under this Section 8(b)(3) will cease with respect to a particular type of coverage when and if Executive becomes eligible to receive substantially similar coverage with a successor employer.Executive shall have no duty to mitigate damages in order to receive the compensation described by this Section 8(b); provided, however, that Company’s obligation to provide continued life, disability, accident and group health and dental insurance benefits will cease with respect to a particular type of coverage when and if Executive becomes eligible to receive substantially similar coverage with a successor employer.
(2) any merger, consolidation or liquidation of Company in which Company is not the continuing or surviving company or pursuant to which stock would be converted into cash, securities or other property, other than a merger of Company in which the holders of the shares of stock immediately before the merger have the same proportionate ownership of common stock of the surviving company immediately after the merger;(3) the shareholders of Company approve any plan or proposal for the liquidation or dissolution of Company; or(4) substantially all of the assets of Company are sold or otherwise transferred to parties that are not within a “controlled group of corporations” (as defined in Section 1563 of the Code) in which Company is a member at the relevant date.
(3) Exception.
(e) Effect of Repeal.
(f) Employment by Successor.
As a result, if Executive is employed by such a successor following a Change in Control, Executive will not be entitled to receive the benefits provided by Section 8 unless Executive’s employment with the successor is subsequently terminated without Cause or for Good Reason within twelve (12) months following the Change in Control.
9
(a) Compliance Strategy.
In addition, Company intends that the payments made due to Executive’s termination without Cause under Sections 6(c) and 8(b)(1) and (2), or for Good Reason under Sections 7(c) and 8(b)(1) and (2), qualify for the short-term deferral exception to Section 409A of the Code as described in Treas.
Reg.
Reg.
(b) Delay in Payments.
Reg.
Reg.
10
(c) Separation from Service.
For purposes of this Agreement, the term “Separation from Service” means, either (1) termination of Executive’s employment with Company and all Affiliates, or (2) a permanent reduction in the level of bona fide services Executive provides to Company and all Affiliates to an amount that is twenty percent (20%) or less of the average level of bona fide services Executive provided to Company in the immediately preceding thirty-six (36) months, with the level of bona fide service calculated in accordance with Treas.
Reg.
Reg.
If Executive’s period of leave exceeds six (6) months and Executive’s right to reemployment is not provided either by statute or by contract, the employment relationship is deemed to terminate on the first day immediately following the expiration of such six-month period.
Whether a termination of employment has occurred will be determined based on all of the facts and circumstances and in accordance with regulations issued by the United States Treasury Department pursuant to Section 409A of the Code.
Reg.
Reg.
11
12
(e) Company Defined.
(a) Covenant Not To Compete.
(b) Non-Solicitation.
13
For purposes of this Section 11, the “Restricted Period” shall include the Employment Period and a period of twelve (12) months (or in the event any reviewing court finds this period to be over-broad or unenforceable, for a period of nine (9) months; or in the event any reviewing court finds this period to be over-broad or unenforceable, for a period of six (6) months) following the termination of Executive’s employment with Company for any reason.
(e) Remedies; Reasonableness.
15
