In addition, Company will be required to issue to the Buyer the shares representing the difference, if there is any, of the quotient obtained in the True-Up Calculation and the number of shares Issued as the Initial Commitment Shares.
In the event that the total Commitment Shares issued or to be issued to the Buyer represents more than 9.99% of the outstanding stock of the Company, the Buyer has the right to have the Commitment Shares delivered in multiple issuances.
g. Registration of Securities.
Irrespective of the Company filing a Form FORM 1-A, or such Form FORM 1-A becoming effective, or any other provisions in this Agreement, the Company is obligated to issue to Buyer the Commitment Fee pursuant to Section f. of this Agreement upon execution of this Agreement.
d. Information.
e. Governmental Review.
f. Transfer or Re-sale.
The Buyer understands that (i) the sale or re- sale of the Securities has not been, at the time of execution of this Agreement, registered under the 1933 Act or any applicable state securities laws, and the Securities may not be transferred unless (a) the Securities are sold pursuant to an effective Offering Circular under the 1933 Act, (b) the Buyer shall have delivered to the Company, at the cost of the Buyer, an opinion of counsel that shall be in form, substance and scope customary for opinions of counsel in comparable transactions to the effect that the Securities to be sold or transferred may be sold or transferred pursuant to an exemption from such registration , which opinion shall be accepted by the Company, (c) the Securities are sold or transferred to an "affiliate" (as defined in Rule 144 promulgated under the 1933 Act (or a successor rule) ("Rule 144')) of the Buyer who agrees to sell or otherwise transfer the Securities only in accordance with this Section 2(f) and who is an Accredited Investor, (d) the Securities are sold pursuant to Rule 144, or (e)the Securities are sold pursuant to Regulation Sunder the 1933 Act (or a successor rule) ("Regulation S'), and the Buyer shall have delivered to the Company, at the cost of the Buyer, an opinion of counsel that shall be in form, substance and scope customary for opinions of counsel in corporate transactions, which opinion shall be accepted by the Company; (ii) any sale of such Securities made in reliance on Rule 144 may be made only in accordance with the terms of said Rule and further, if said Rule is not applicable, any re-sale of such Securities under circumstances in which the seller (or the person through whom the sale is made) may be deemed to be an underwriter (as that term is defined in the 1933 Act) may require compliance with some other exemption under the 1933 Act or the rules and regulations of the SEC thereunder; and (iii) neither the Company nor any other person is under any obligation to register such Securities under the 1933 Act or any state securities laws or to comply with the terms and conditions of any exemption thereunder (in each case).
The Buyer agrees to sell all Securities, including those represented by a certificate(s) from which the legend has been removed, in compliance with applicable prospectus delivery requirements, if any.
The Company has furnished to the Buyer true and correct copies of the Company 's Certificate of Incorporation as in effect on the date hereof (''Certificate of Incorporation"), the Company's By-laws, as in effect on the date hereof (the 'By-laws"), and the terms of all securities convertible into or exercisable for Common Stock of the Company and the material rights of the holders thereof in respect thereto.
The Company shall provide the Buyer with a written update of this representation signed by the Company's Chief Executive on behalf of the Company as of the Closing Date.
g. SEC Documents; Financial Statements.
Upon written request the Company will deliver to the Buyer true and complete copies of the SEC Documents, except for such exhibits and incorporated documents.
Since September 30, 2013, neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has received any notification with respect to possible conflicts, defaults or violations of applicable laws, except for notices relating to possible conflicts, defaults or violations, which conflicts, defaults or violations would not have a Material Adverse Effect.
Upon written request the Company will provide to the Buyer true and correct copies of all policies relating to directors' and officers' liability coverage, errors and omissions coverage, and commercial general liability coverage.
v. Internal Accounting Controls.
d. Financial Information.
Upon written request the Company agrees to send or make available the following reports to the Buyer until the Buyer transfers, assigns, or sells all of the Securities: (i) within ten ( I 0) days after the filing with the OTC Markets, a copy of its Annual Report, its Quarterly Reports, and any Current Reports; (ii) within two (2) days after release, copies of all press releases issued by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries; and (iii) contemporaneously with the making available or giving to the shareholders of the Company, copies of any notices or other information the Company makes available or gives to such shareholders.
The Company shall promptly provide to the Buyer copies of any notices it receives from the OTCBB and any other exchanges or quotation systems on which the Common Stock is then listed regarding the continued eligibility of the Common Stock for listing on such exchanges and quotation systems.
k. Transfer Agent Instructions.
The Company shall issue irrevocable instructions to its transfer agent to issue certificates, registered in the name of the Buyer or its nominee, for the Shares in such amounts as specified from time to time by the Buyer to the Company (the "Irrevocable Transfer Agent Instructions").
In the event that the Borrower proposes to replace its transfer agent, the Borrower shall provide, prior to the effective date of such replacement, a fully executed Irrevocable Transfer Agent Instructions in a form as initially delivered pursuant to the Purchase Agreement (including but not limited to the provision to irrevocably reserve shares of Common Stock in the Reserved Amount) signed by the successor transfer agent to Borrower and the Borrower.
If the Buyer provides the Company, at the cost of the Buyer, with (i) an opinion of counsel in form, substance and scope customary for opinions in comparable transactions, to the effect that a public sale or transfer of such Securities may be made without registration under the 1933 Act and such sale or transfer is effected or (ii) the Buyer provides reasonable assurances that the Securities can be sold pursuant to Rule 144, the Company shall permit the transfer, promptly instruct its transfer agent to issue one or more certificates, free from restrictive legend, in such name and in such denominations as specified by the Buyer.
The Buyer shall have executed this Agreement and delivered the same to the Company.
The Company shall have executed this Agreement and delivered same to the Buyer.
The Buyer shall have received a certificate or certificates, executed by the chief executive officer of the Company, dated as of the Closing Date, to the foregoing effect and as to such other matters as may be reasonably requested by the Buyer including, but not limited to certificate s with respect to the Company 's Certificate of Incorporation, By-laws and Board of Directors' resolutions relating to the transactions contemplated hereby.
The Buyer shall have received an officer's certificate described in Section 3(c) above, dated as of the initial Closing Date.
Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any suit, action or proceeding in connection with this Agreement or any other Transaction Document by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party at the address in effect for notices to it under this Agreement and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof.
c. Headings.
f. Notices.
All notices, demands, requests, consents, approvals, and other communications required or permitted hereunder shall be in writing and, unless otherwise specified herein, shall be (i) personally served, (ii) deposited in the mail, registered or certified, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, (iii) delivered by reputable air courier service with charges prepaid, or (iv) transmitted by hand delivery, telegram, or facsimile, addressed as set forth below or to such other address as such party shall have specified most recently by written notice.
Any notice or other communication required or permitted to be given hereunder shall be deemed effective (a) upon hand delivery or delivery by facsimile, with accurate confirmation generated by the transmitting facsimile machine , at the address or number designated below (if delivered on a business day during normal business hours where such notice is to be received), or the first business day following such delivery (if delivered other than on a business day during normal business hours where such notice is to be received) or (b) on the second business day following the date of mailing by express courier service, fully prepaid, addressed to such address, or upon actual receipt of such mailing, whichever shall first occur.
The addresses for such communications shall be:
800 W Cummings Park Suite 2000
Woburn, MA 01801
g. Successors and Assigns.
h. Third Party Beneficiaries.
Publicity.
k. Further Assurances.
Each party shall do and perform , or cause to be done and performed, all such further acts and things, and shall execute and deliver all such other agreements, certificates, instruments and documents, as the other party may reasonably request in order to carry out the intent and accomplish the purposes of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby.
m. Remedies.
By: Owen Dukes
RESOLVED, that any executive officer of the Corporation be, and hereby is, authorized, empowered and directed, from time to time, to take such additional action and to execute, certify and deliver to the transfer agent of the Corporation, as any appropriate or proper to implement the provisions of the foregoing resolutions:
Promptly after delivery to Maker of a Notice of Conversion of Convertible Note in the form attached hereto as Exhibit 1, properly completed and duly executed by the Holder or its assigns (a "Conversion Notice"), the Maker shall issue and deliver to or upon the order of the Holder that number of shares of Common Stock for the that portion of this Note to be converted as shall be determined in accordance herewith.
The date on which Notice of Conversion is given (the "Conversion Date") shall be deemed to be the date on which the Holder faxes or emails the Notice of Conversion duly executed to the Maker.
Certificates representing Common Stock upon conversion will be delivered to the Holder within two (2) trading days from the date the Notice of Conversion is delivered to the Maker.
Delivery of shares upon conversion shall be made to the address specified by the Holder or its assigns in the Notice of Conversion.
On the date that a Conversion Notice is delivered to Holder, the Company shall deliver an estimated number of shares ("Estimated Shares") to Holder's brokerage account equal to the Conversion Amount divided by the product of (i) Seventy-Five Percent (75%) [representing a 25% discount] and (ii) the lowest trading price in the twenty trading days prior to the day the Holder requests conversion.
If at any time, one or multiple times, during the Valuation Period the sum of Estimated Shares and Additional Shares already delivered to Holder is less than the Notice Shares, the company must immediately deliver enough shares equal to the difference ("Additional Shares").
Bloomberg) or, if the OTCBB is not the principal trading market for such security, the price of such security on the principal securities exchange or trading market where such security is listed or traded.
Exchange for Qualified Offering Shares.
Notices.
Any notice herein required or permitted to be given shall be in writing and may be personally served or delivered by courier or sent by United States mail and shall be deemed to have been given upon receipt if personally served (which shall include telephone line facsimile transmission) or sent by courier or three (3) days after being deposited in the United States mail, certified, with postage pre-paid and properly addressed, if sent by mail.
For the purposes hereof, the address of the Holder shall be 450 7th Ave. Suite 609, New York, NY 10123; and the address of the Maker shall be 800 W Cummings Park, Suite 200, Woburn, MA 01801.
Both the Holder or its assigns and the Maker may change the address for service by delivery of written notice to the other as herein provided.
The Maker covenants that upon receipt by the Maker of evidence reasonably satisfactory to it of the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of this Note, and in case of loss, theft or destruction, of indemnity or security reasonably satisfactory to it (which shall not include the posting of any bond), and upon surrender and cancellation of such Note, if mutilated, the Maker will make and deliver a new Note of like tenor.
Headings.
If shares are to be issued in the name of a person other than the undersigned, the undersigned will pay all transfer taxes payable with respect thereto and is delivering herewith such certificates and opinions as reasonably requested by the Maker in accordance therewith.
