Exhibit 4.5
[                           ],
as Master Servicer and Trust Administrator,
and
[                           ],
as Trustee
Exhibit 4.5   ARTICLE V    DISTRIBUTIONS TO HOLDERS OF CERTIFICATES    Section 5.01Distributions Generally88Section 5.02Distributions from the Collection Account88Section 5.03Allocation of Losses97Section 5.04Advances by Master Servicer, Servicer, Subservicer and Trust Administrator97Section 5.05Compensating Interest Payments98Section 5.06Basis Risk Reserve Fund99  ARTICLE VI   CONCERNING THE TRUSTEE AND THE TRUST ADMINISTRATOR; EVENTS OF DEFAULT   Section 6.01Duties of Trustee and Trust Administrator99Section 6.02Certain Matters Affecting the Trustee and the Trust Administrator102Section 6.03Trustee and Trust Administrator Not Liable for Certificates104Section 6.04Trustee and the Trust Administrator May Own Certificates104Section 6.05Eligibility Requirements for Trustee and Trust Administrator104Section 6.06Resignation and Removal of Trustee and the Trust Administrator105Section 6.07Successor Trustee and Successor Trust Administrator106Section 6.08Merger or Consolidation of Trustee or the Trust Administrator107Section 6.09Appointment of Co-Trustee, Separate Trustee or Custodian107Section 6.10Authenticating Agents109Section 6.11Indemnification of Trustee and Trust Administrator109Section 6.12Fees and Expenses of Trust Administrator, Trustee and Custodian110Section 6.13Collection of Monies111Section 6.14Events of Default; Trustee To Act; Appointment of Successor111Section 6.15Additional Remedies of Trustee Upon Event of Default115Section 6.16Waiver of Defaults116Section 6.17Notification to Holders116Section 6.18Directions by Certificateholders and Duties of Trustee During Event of Default116Section 6.19Action Upon Certain Failures of the Master Servicer and Upon Event of Default117Section 6.20Preparation of Reports117   ARTICLE VII    PURCHASE OF MORTGAGE LOANS AND TERMINATION OF THE TRUST FUND   Section 7.01Purchase of Mortgage Loans; Termination of Trust Fund Upon Purchase or Liquidation of All Mortgage Loans122Section 7.02Procedure Upon Termination of Trust Fund123Section 7.03Additional Trust Fund Termination Requirements124Section 7.04Optional Repurchase Right125ii
Exhibit 4.5   ARTICLE VIII   RIGHTS OF CERTIFICATEHOLDERS    Section 8.01Limitation on Rights of Holders125Section 8.02Access to List of Holders126Section 8.03Acts of Holders of Certificates127  ARTICLE IX   ADMINISTRATION AND SERVICING OF MORTGAGE LOANS BY THE MASTER SERVICER   Section 9.01Duties of the Master Servicer128Section 9.02Master Servicer Fidelity Bond and Master Servicer Errors and Omissions Insurance Policy128Section 9.03Master Servicer’s Financial Statements and Related Information129Section 9.04Power to Act; Procedures129Section 9.05Enforcement of Servicer’s and Master Servicer’s Obligations131Section 9.06Termination of the Servicing Agreement; Successor Servicers131Section 9.07Master Servicer Liable for Enforcement132Section 9.08No Contractual Relationship Between the Servicer, the Subservicer and Trustee or Depositor132Section 9.09Assumption of Servicing Agreement by Trust Administrator133Section 9.10Due-on-Sale Clauses; Assumption Agreements133Section 9.11Release of Mortgage Files133Section 9.12Documents, Records and Funds in Possession of Master Servicer To Be Held for Trustee134Section 9.13Representations and Warranties of the Master Servicer136Section 9.14Opinion138Section 9.15Standard Hazard and Flood Insurance Policies138Section 9.16Presentment of Claims and Collection of Proceeds139Section 9.17[Reserved]139Section 9.18Trustee To Retain Possession of Certain Insurance Policies and Documents139Section 9.19[Reserved]139Section 9.20Compensation to the Master Servicer139Section 9.21REO Property140Section 9.22[Reserved]140Section 9.23Reports to the Trustee140Section 9.24Annual Statement of Compliance with Applicable Servicing Criteria141Section 9.25Assessment of Compliance and Attestation Reports141Section 9.26Resignation of Master Servicer142Section 9.27Assignment or Delegation of Duties by the Master Servicer143Section 9.28Limitation on Liability of the Master Servicer and Others143Section 9.29Indemnification; Third-Party Claims144Section 9.30Special Servicing of Delinquent Mortgage Loans144Section 9.31Alternative Index145iii
The Depositor has duly authorized the execution and delivery of this Agreement to provide for the conveyance to the Trustee of the Mortgage Loans and the other property constituting the Trust Fund.
All covenants and agreements made by the Seller in the Mortgage Loan Purchase Agreement and by the Depositor, the Master Servicer, the Trust Administrator and the Trustee herein with respect to the Mortgage Loans and the other property constituting the Trust Fund are for the benefit of the Holders from time to time of the Certificates and, to the extent provided herein, any NIMS Insurer.
The Depositor, the Trustee, the Master Servicer, the Seller and the Trust Administrator are entering into this Agreement, and the Trustee is accepting the Trust Fund created hereby, for good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged.
As provided herein, the Trustee shall elect that the Trust Fund (exclusive of (i) the Basis Risk Reserve Fund, (ii) the Basis Risk Cap and (iii) the Class X Cap) be treated for federal income tax purposes as comprising four real estate mortgage investment conduits (each a “REMIC” or, in the alternative, REMIC 1, REMIC 2, REMIC 3 and REMIC 4; REMIC 4 also being referred to as the “Upper Tier REMIC”).
Each Certificate, other than the Class X Certificate and Class R Certificate, represents ownership of a regular interest in the Upper Tier REMIC for purposes of the REMIC Provisions.
The Class X Certificate represents ownership of two regular interests in the Upper Tier REMIC as described in note 11 of the table below for such REMIC.
In addition, each Certificate, other than the Class R, Class A-IO, and Class X Certificates, represents the right to receive payments with respect to any Basis Risk Shortfalls and Unpaid Basis Risk Shortfalls from the Basis Risk Reserve Fund pursuant to Section 5.06.
The Class R Certificate represents ownership of the sole Class of residual interest in each of REMIC 1, REMIC 2, REMIC 3 and the Upper Tier REMIC for purposes of the REMIC Provisions.
The Upper Tier REMIC shall hold as its assets the several Classes of uncertificated Lower Tier Interests in REMIC 3, and each such Lower Tier Interest is hereby designated as a regular interest in REMIC 3 for purposes of the REMIC Provisions.
REMIC 3 shall hold as its assets the several Classes of uncertificated Lower Tier Interests in REMIC 2, and each such Lower Tier Interest is hereby designated as a regular interest in REMIC 2.
REMIC 2 shall hold as its assets the several Classes of uncertificated Lower Tier Interests in REMIC 1, and each such Lower Tier Interest is hereby designated as a regular interest in REMIC 1.
REMIC 1 shall hold as its assets the property of the Trust Fund other than the Lower Tier Interests in REMIC 1, REMIC 2 and REMIC 3, the Basis Risk Reserve Fund, the Basis Risk Cap, and the Class X Cap.
Exhibit 4.5          The startup day for each REMIC created hereby for purposes of the REMIC Provisions is the Closing Date.
In addition, for purposes of the REMIC Provisions, the latest possible maturity date for each regular interest in each REMIC created hereby is the Latest Possible Maturity Date.
For purposes of construing the terms of REMIC 1, REMIC 2, REMIC 3, and REMIC 4, and for purposes of the interpreting the provisions of the Agreement concerning REMIC administration set forth in Article X hereof, the following terms have the meanings set forth below.
Corresponding Class: The Class of Certificates that corresponds to a class of Lower Tier Interests in REMIC 3 as described in the Preliminary Statement.
Corresponding REMIC 3 IO: With respect to each Lower Tier Interest in REMIC 2 having an “AIO-1” in its class designation, the class of Lower Tier Interest in REMIC 3 having an “AIO-1” in its class designation that has the same numeric designation.
With respect to each Lower Tier Interest in REMIC 2 having an “AIO-2” in its class designation, the class of Lower Tier Interest in REMIC 3 having an “AIO-2” in its class designation that has the same numeric designation.
Discount Loan: Any Fixed Rate Discount Loan or ARM Discount Loan.
(Any Qualified Substitute Mortgage Loan shall be deemed to be a Fixed Rate Discount Loan, ARM Discount Loan, or Non-Discount Loan if the Mortgage Loan for which it was substituted was so treated.)
Exhibit 4.5          Non-Discount Loan: Any Mortgage Loan that is not a Discount Loan.
Non-PO Percentage: With respect to any Discount Loan, the excess of 100% over the PO Percentage for such Discount Loan.
Non-PO Portion: With respect to any Discount Loan and any Distribution Date, the excess of the Scheduled Principal Balance of such Discount Loan over the PO Portion of such Discount Loan for such date.
PO Portion: In the case of a Discount Loan and any date (i) the Scheduled Principal Balance of such Discount Loan for such date multiplied by (ii) the PO Percentage for such Discount Loan.
Exhibit 4.5REMIC 1          REMIC 1 shall issue the following interests, with the related Class designations, interest rates, and initial Class Principal Amounts.
(5)For each Distribution Date (and the related Accrual Period) on or before the Distribution Date in [       ] 2006, this Lower Tier Interest shall not bear interest.
(13)For each Distribution Date (and the related Accrual Period) on or before the Distribution Date in [       ] 2006, this Lower Tier Interest shall not bear interest.
(17)The Class LT1-R Interest is the sole Class of residual interest in REMIC 1.
It does not have an interest rate or a Class Principal Amount.
On each Distribution Date, the Trust Administrator shall allocate Realized Losses in the same order and priority used to allocate the Principal Remittance Amount among the Lower Tier Interests in REMIC 1.
(2)For each Distribution Date (and the related Accrual Period) on or before the Distribution Date in [      ] 2006, this Lower Tier Interests shall not bear interest.
(4)For each Distribution Date (and the related Accrual Period) on or before the Distribution Date in [      ] 2006, this Lower Tier Interest shall not bear interest.
(9)The Class LT2-R Interest is the sole Class of residual interest in REMIC 2.
It does not have an interest rate or a Class Principal Amount.
Exhibit 4.5   Funds Cap), provided, however, that for any REMIC Capped Distribution Date (and the related Accrual Period) the interest rate for these Lower Tier Interests shall be zero.
(4)The Class LT3-l-AIO-l Interest is an interest-only Class and does not have a Class Principal Amount.
(5)The Class LT3-2-AIO-l Interest is an interest-only Class and does not have a Class Principal Amount.
(6)The Class LT3-3-AIO-l Interest is an interest-only Class and does not have a Class Principal Amount.
(7)The Class LT3-l-AIO-2 Interest is an interest-only Class and does not have a Class Principal Amount.
(8)The Class LT3-2-AIO-2 Interest is an interest-only Class and does not have a Class Principal Amount.
(9)The Class LT3-3-AIO-2 Interest is an interest-only Class and does not have a Class Principal Amount.
(10)The Class LT3-R Interest is the sole class of residual interests in REMIC 3.
It does not have an interest rate or a Class Principal Amount.
Each Certificate, other than the Class R Certificate, represents ownership of regular interests in the Upper Tier REMIC.
(4)The Class A-IO Certificates are an interest-only Class and for any Distribution Date shall bear interest at the per annum rate shown above on its Class Notional Amount (as defined herein).
The notional component has a notional Class Principal Amount that at all times will equal the aggregate of the Class Principal Amounts of the regular interests in REMIC 3 (i.e., the Aggregate Loan Balance).
the weighted average of the Pool 1 Net Funds Cap and the Pool 2 Net Funds Cap, weighted on the basis of the Pool Balance for each Mortgage Pool), over (b) the Adjusted Lower Tier WAC.
For any Distribution Date, interest that accrues on the notional component of the Class X Certificate shall be deferred to the extent of any increase in the Overcollateralization Amount on such date.
Such deferred interest shall not itself bear interest.
(12)The Class R Certificate will be issued without a Class Principal Amount and will not bear interest at a stated rate.
The Class R Certificate represents ownership of the residual interest in the Upper Tier REMIC, as well as ownership of the Class LT3-R, Class LT2-R and Class LT1-R Interests.
(13)The Class X and Class R Certificates will each be issued as a single Certificate evidencing the entire Percentage Interest in such Class.
The following words and phrases, unless the context otherwise requires, shall have the following meanings:          Accepted Servicing Practices: As provided in the Servicing Agreement.
Accountant: A person engaged in the practice of accounting who (except when this Agreement provides that an Accountant must be Independent) may be employed by or affiliated with the Depositor or an Affiliate of the Depositor.
Accrual Period: With respect to each Class of Certificates and any Distribution Date, the period beginning on the Distribution Date in the calendar month immediately preceding the month in which the related Distribution Date occurs (or, in the case of the first Distribution Date, beginning on [          ], 2006) and ending on the day immediately preceding the related15
Exhibit 4.5Distribution Date.
With respect to the Class A-IO Certificates, each Accrual Period shall be deemed to be 30 days; provided that with respect to the Class A-IO Certificates, the first Accrual Period shall begin on the Closing Date and end on [          ], 2006, inclusive.
Act: As defined in Section 3.03(c).
Additional Collateral: None.
Additional Form 10-D Disclosure: has the meaning set forth in Section 6.20(b)(i).
Additional Form 10-K Disclosure: has the meaning set forth in Section 6.20(c)(ii).
Additional Servicer: means (i) each affiliated servicer meeting the requirements of Item 1108(a)(2)(ii) of Regulation AB that Services any of the Mortgage Loans, and (ii) each unaffiliated servicer meeting the requirements of Item 1108(a)(2)(iii) of Regulation AB (other than the Trustee), who Services 10% or more of the Mortgage Loans.
Adjustable Rate Mortgage Loan: Any Mortgage Loan as to which the related Mortgage Note provides for the adjustment of the Mortgage Rate applicable thereto.
Adverse REMIC Event: Either (i) the loss of status as a REMIC, within the meaning of Section 860D of the Code, for any group of assets identified as a REMIC in the Preliminary Statement to this Agreement, or (ii) the imposition of any tax, including the tax imposed under Section 860F(a)(l) on prohibited transactions, and the tax imposed under Section 860G(d) on certain contributions to a REMIC, on any REMIC created hereunder to the extent such tax would be payable from assets held as part of the Trust Fund.
Affiliate: With respect to any specified Person, any other Person controlling or controlled by or under common control with such specified Person.
For the purposes of this definition, “control” when used with respect to any specified Person means the power to direct the management and policies of such Person, directly or indirectly, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise; and the terms “controlling” and “controlled” have meanings correlative to the foregoing.
Aggregate Expense Rate: With respect to any Mortgage Loan, the sum of the Servicing Fee Rate and the Master Servicing Fee Rate.
Aggregate Loan Balance: As of any date of determination, the aggregate of the Scheduled Principal Balances of all Mortgage Loans (i.e., in each Mortgage Pool).
Exhibit 4.5such Distribution Date and (y) the amount, if any, by which (i) the Overcollateralization Amount for such date, calculated for this purpose on the basis of the assumption that 100% of the aggregate of the Principal Remittance Amounts for such Distribution Date is applied on such date in reduction of the aggregate of the Certificate Principal Amounts of the Certificates, exceeds (ii) the Targeted Overcollateralization Amount for such Distribution Date.
Aggregate Voting Interests: The aggregate of the Voting Interests of all the Certificates under this Agreement.
Agreement: This Trust Agreement and all amendments and supplements hereto.
Anniversary Year: The one-year period beginning on the Closing Date and ending on the first anniversary thereof, and each subsequent one-year period beginning on the day after the end of the preceding Anniversary Year and ending on next succeeding anniversary of the Closing Date.
Applied Loss Amount: With respect to any Distribution Date, the amount, if any, by which (x) the aggregate Certificate Principal Amount of the Certificates after giving effect to distributions of principal on such Distribution Date, but before giving effect to any application of the Applied Loss Amount with respect to such date, exceeds (y) the Aggregate Loan Balance for such Distribution Date.
Appraised Value: With respect to any Mortgage Loan, the amount set forth in an appraisal made in connection with the origination of such Mortgage Loan as the value of the related Mortgaged Property.
Assignment of Mortgage: An assignment of the Mortgage, notice of transfer or equivalent instrument, in recordable form, sufficient under the laws of the jurisdiction wherein the related Mortgaged Property is located to reflect the sale of the Mortgage to the Trustee, which assignment, notice of transfer or equivalent instrument may be in the form of one or more blanket assignments covering the Mortgage Loans secured by Mortgaged Properties located in the same jurisdiction, if permitted by law; provided, however, that neither the Custodian nor the Trustee shall be responsible for determining whether any such assignment is in recordable form.
Authenticating Agent: The Trust Administrator, or any successor authenticating agent appointed by the Trustee pursuant to Section 6.10.
Authorized Officer: Any Person who may execute an Officer’s Certificate on behalf of the Depositor.
Balloon Mortgage Loan: Any Mortgage Loan having an original term to maturity that is shorter than its amortization schedule, and a final Scheduled Payment that is disproportionately large in comparison to other Scheduled Payments.
Bankruptcy: As to any Person, the making of an assignment for the benefit of creditors, the filing of a voluntary petition in bankruptcy, adjudication as a bankrupt or insolvent, the entry of an order for relief in a bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding, the seeking of reorganization, arrangement, composition, readjustment, liquidation, dissolution or similar relief, or seeking, consenting to or acquiescing in the appointment of a trustee, receiver or liquidator, dissolution, or termination, as the case may be, of such Person pursuant to the provisions of either the United States Bankruptcy Code of 1986, as amended, or any other similar state laws.
Bankruptcy Code: The United States Bankruptcy Code of 1986, as amended.
The amount of the Basis Risk Payment for any Distribution Date cannot exceed the amount of Monthly Excess Cashflow otherwise available for distribution pursuant to Section 5.02(f)(iii) of this Agreement.
Basis Risk Reserve Fund: A fund created as part of the Trust Fund pursuant to Section 5.06 of this Agreement but which is not an asset of any of the REMICs.
Basis Risk Shortfall: With respect to any Distribution Date and any Class of LIBOR Certificates, the amount by which the amount of interest calculated at the Certificate Interest Rate applicable to such Class for such date, determined without regard to the Pool 1 Net Funds Cap, Pool 2 Net Funds Cap or Subordinate Net Funds Cap, as applicable, for such date but subject to a cap equal to the Maximum Interest Rate, exceeds the amount of interest calculated at the Pool 1 Net Funds Cap, Pool 2 Net Funds Cap or Subordinate Net Funds Cap, as applicable.
Benefit Plan Opinion: An Opinion of Counsel satisfactory to the Trustee to the effect that any proposed transfer of Certificates will not (i) cause the assets of the Trust Fund to be18
Exhibit 4.5regarded as plan assets for purposes of the Plan Asset Regulations or (ii) give rise to any fiduciary duty on the part of the Depositor or the Trustee.
Book-Entry Certificates: Beneficial interests in Certificates designated as “Book-Entry Certificates” in this Agreement, ownership and transfers of which shall be evidenced or made through book entries by a Clearing Agency as described in Section 3.09; provided, that after the occurrence of a condition whereupon book-entry registration and transfer are no longer permitted and Definitive Certificates are to be issued to Certificate Owners, such Book-Entry Certificates shall no longer be “Book-Entry Certificates.” As of the Closing Date, the following Classes of Certificates constitute Book-Entry Certificates: the Class 1-A, Class 2-Al, Class 2-A2, Class M1, Class M2, Class M3, Class M4, Class M5 and Class B Certificates.
Business Day: Any day other than (i) a Saturday or a Sunday, (ii) a day on which banking institutions in New York, New York or, if other than New York, the city in which the Corporate Trust Office of the Trustee is located, or the States Maryland or Minnesota are closed, or (iii) with respect to any Servicer Remittance Date or any Servicer reporting date, the States specified in the definition of “Business Day” in the Servicing Agreement, are authorized or obligated by law or executive order to be closed.
The portion of the Cap Agreement consisting of the Class X Cap shall not be an asset of the Trust Fund, and the Trustee shall hold the Class X Cap separate and apart from the assets of the Trust Fund, solely for the benefit of the Class X Certificateholder.
Cap Provider: [          ]          Carryforward Interest: With respect to any Class of Certificates (other than the Class A-IO, Class X and Class R Certificates) or any Component of the Class A-IO Certificates and any Distribution Date, the sum of (i) the amount, if any, by which (x) the sum of (A) Current Interest for such Class (or any Component thereof) for the immediately preceding Distribution Date and (B) any unpaid Carryforward Interest for such Class (or Component thereof) from previous Distribution Dates exceeds (y) the amount distributed in respect of interest on such Class (or any Component thereof) on such immediately preceding Distribution Date, and (ii) interest on such amount for the related Accrual Period at the applicable Certificate Interest Rate.
Carryforward Interest with respect to the Class A-IO Certificates and any Distribution Date will equal the aggregate Carryforward Interest on the Components thereof.
Exhibit 4.5          Certificate Interest Rate: With respect to each Class of Certificates and any Distribution Date, the applicable per annum rate set forth or described in the Preliminary Statement hereto.
Certificate Owner: With respect to a Book-Entry Certificate, the Person who is the owner of such Book-Entry Certificate, as reflected on the books of the Clearing Agency, or on the books of a Person maintaining an account with such Clearing Agency (directly or as an indirect participant, in accordance with the rules of such Clearing Agency).
Certificate Principal Amount: With respect to any Certificate (other than the Class A-IO, Class X and Class R Certificates), the initial Certificate Principal Amount thereof on the Closing Date, less the amount of all principal distributions previously distributed with respect to such Certificate and, in the case of the Subordinate Certificates, any Applied Loss Amount previously allocated to such Certificate.
The Class A-IO, Class X and Class R Certificates are issued without Certificate Principal Amounts.
Certificate Register and Certificate Registrar: The register maintained by the Trust Administrator, as the Certificate Registrar, or any successor registrar appointed pursuant to Section 3.02.
Certificateholder: The meaning provided in the definition of “Holder.”          Certification Parties: has the meaning set forth in Section 6.20(c)(v).
Certifying Person: has the meaning set forth in Section 6.20(c)(v).
Commission: means the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.
Controlling Person: means, with respect to any Person, any other Person who “controls” such Person within the meaning of the Securities Act.
Civil Relief Act: The Servicemembers Civil Relief Act of 2002, as amended, or any similar state statute.
Class: All Certificates and, in the case of REMIC 1, REMIC 2 and REMIC 3, all Lower Tier Interests, bearing the same class designation.
Class Principal Amount: With respect to each Class of Certificates other than the Class A-IO, Class X and Class R Certificates, the aggregate of the Certificate Principal Amounts of all Certificates of such Class at the date of determination.
With respect to the Class A-IO, Class X and Class R Certificates, zero.
With respect to any Lower Tier Interest, the initial Class Principal Amount as shown or described in the table set forth in the Preliminary Statement to this Agreement for REMIC 1, REMIC 2 or REMIC 3, as applicable, as reduced by principal distributed with respect to such Lower Tier Interest and Realized Losses allocated to such Lower Tier Interest.
Class Notional Amount: With respect to the Class A-IO Certificates and any Distribution Date, the sum of the Component Notional Amounts of the A-IO(1) Component and the A-IO(2) Component.
Exhibit 4.5          Class A Certificates: Collectively, the Class I-A, Class 2-Al, Class 2-A2 and Class A-IO Certificates.
Class M Certificates: Collectively, the Class M1, Class M2, Class M3, Class M4 and Class M5 Certificates.
The Class X Cap shall not be an asset of the Trust Fund, and the Trustee shall hold the Class X Cap separate and apart from the assets of the Trust Fund, solely for the benefit of the Class X Certificateholder.
Class X Distributable Amount: With respect to any Distribution Date, the amount of interest that has accrued on the Class X Notional Balance, as described in the Preliminary Statement, but that has not been distributed prior to such date.
Class X Notional Balance: With respect to any Distribution Date (and the related Accrual Period) the aggregate principal balance of the regular interests in REMIC 3 as specified in the Preliminary Statement hereto.
Clearing Agency: An organization registered as a “clearing agency” pursuant to Section 17A of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.
Clearing Agency Participant: A broker, dealer, bank, other financial institution or other Person for whom from time to time a Clearing Agency effects book-entry transfers and pledges of securities deposited with the Clearing Agency.
Clearstream: Clearstream Banking, société anonyme, and any successor thereto.
Code: The Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and as it may be further amended from time to time, any successor statutes thereto, and applicable U.S. Department of Treasury regulations issued pursuant thereto in temporary or final form.21
Exhibit 4.5          Collection Account: The account maintained by the Trust Administrator in accordance with the provisions of Section 4.01.
Collection Period: With respect to any Distribution Date, the period commencing on the second day of the month immediately preceding the month in which such Distribution Date occurs and ending on the first day of the month in which such Distribution Date occurs.
Combined Loan-to-Value Ratio or CLTV: With respect to any Mortgage Loan, the sum of the original principal balance of such Mortgage Loan and the remaining balance of the First Lien and any other lien senior to the lien of the related Mortgage, if any, as of the date of origination of the Mortgage Loan, divided by the Original Value.
Component: The A-IO(1) Component or A-IO(2) Component of the Class A-IO Certificates.
Conventional Loan: A Mortgage Loan that is not insured by the United States Federal Housing Administration or guaranteed by the United States Department of Veterans Affairs.
Conventional Loan Documents: None.
Cooperative Corporation: The entity that holds title (fee or an acceptable leasehold estate) to the real property and improvements constituting the Cooperative Property and which governs the Cooperative Property, which Cooperative Corporation must qualify as a Cooperative Housing Corporation under Section 216 of the Code.
Cooperative Loan: Any Mortgage Loan secured by Cooperative Shares and a Proprietary Lease.
Cooperative Property: The real property and improvements owned by the Cooperative Corporation, that includes the allocation of individual dwelling units to the holders of the Cooperative Shares of the Cooperative Corporation.
Cooperative Shares: Shares issued by a Cooperative Corporation.23
Exhibit 4.5          Cooperative Unit: A single-family dwelling located in a Cooperative Property.
Corporate Trust Office: With respect to the Trustee, the principal corporate trust office of the Trustee at which, at any particular time, its corporate trust business shall be administered, which office at the date hereof is located at [          ], Attention: [          ].
Current Interest with respect to the Class A-IO Certificates and any Distribution Date will equal the aggregate Current Interest on the Components of such Class.
Custodial Account: Any custodial account (other than an Escrow Account) established and maintained by the Servicer pursuant to the Servicing Agreement.
Custodial Agreement: The custodial agreement attached as Exhibit K-1 hereto, and any custodial agreement subsequently executed by the Trustee and acknowledged by the Master Servicer substantially in the form thereof.
Custodian: The custodian appointed by the Trustee pursuant to the Custodial Agreement, and any successor thereto.
The initial Custodian is [          ].24
Cut-off Date Balance: The Aggregate Loan Balance as of the Cut-off Date.
Deferred Amount: With respect to any Distribution Date and each Certificate, the aggregate of Applied Loss Amounts previously applied in reduction of the Certificate Principal Amount thereof, less any amounts previously reimbursed in respect thereof.
Deficient Valuation: With respect to any Mortgage Loan, a valuation of the related Mortgaged Property by a court of competent jurisdiction in an amount less than the then outstanding principal balance of the Mortgage Loan, which valuation results from a proceeding initiated under the Bankruptcy Code.
Definitive Certificate: A Certificate of any Class issued in definitive, fully registered, certificated form.
Deleted Mortgage Loan: A Mortgage Loan that is repurchased from the Trust Fund pursuant to the terms hereof or as to which one or more Qualifying Substitute Mortgage Loans are substituted therefor.
Delinquency Rate: With respect to any calendar month, the fraction, expressed as a percentage, the numerator of which is the aggregate outstanding principal balance of all Mortgage Loans 60 days Delinquent or more (including all foreclosures, bankruptcies and REO Properties) as of the close of business on the last day of such month, and the denominator of which is the Aggregate Loan Balance as of the close of business on the last day of such month.
Delinquent: For reporting purposes, a Mortgage Loan is “delinquent” when any payment contractually due thereon has not been made by the close of business on the Due Date therefor.
Similarly for “60 days Delinquent” and the second immediately succeeding month and “90 days Delinquent” and the third immediately succeeding month.
Depositor: Fieldstone Mortgage Investment Corporation, a Maryland corporation having its principal place of business in New York, or its successors in interest.
Determination Date: With respect to each Distribution Date, the 15th day of the month in which such Distribution Date occurs, or, if such 15th day is not a Business Day, the next succeeding Business Day.
Disqualified Organization: A “disqualified organization” as defined in Section 860E(e)(5) of the Code.25
Eligible Account: Either (1) an account or accounts maintained with a federal or state chartered depository institution or trust company acceptable to the Rating Agencies or (ii) an account or accounts the deposits in which are insured by the FDIC to the limits established by such corporation, provided that any such deposits not so insured shall be maintained in an account at a depository institution or trust company whose commercial paper or other short term debt obligations (or, in the case of a depository institution or trust company which is the principal subsidiary of a holding company, the commercial paper or other short term debt or deposit obligations of such holding company or depository institution, as the case may be) have been rated by each Rating Agency in its highest short-term rating category, or (iii) a segregated trust account or accounts (which shall be a “special deposit account”) maintained with the Trustee or any other federal or state chartered depository institution or trust company, acting in its fiduciary capacity, in a manner acceptable to the Trustee and the Rating Agencies.
Eligible Accounts may bear interest.
Eligible Investments: Any one or more of the following obligations or securities:             (i) direct obligations of, and obligations fully guaranteed as to timely payment of principal and interest by, the United States of America or any agency or instrumentality of the United States of America the obligations of which are backed by the full faith and credit of the United States of America (“Direct Obligations”);             (ii) federal funds, or demand and time deposits in, certificates of deposits of, or bankers’ acceptances issued by, any depository institution or trust company (including U.S. subsidiaries of foreign depositories and the Trustee or any agent of the Trustee, acting in its respective commercial capacity) incorporated or organized under the laws of the United States of America or any state thereof and subject to supervision and examination by federal or state banking authorities, so long as at the time of investment or the contractual commitment providing for such investment the commercial paper or other short-term debt obligations of such depository institution or trust company (or, in the case of a depository institution or trust company which is the principal subsidiary of a holding company, the commercial paper or other short-term debt or deposit obligations of such holding company or deposit institution, as the case may be) have been rated by each Rating Agency in its highest short-term rating category or one of its two highest long-term rating categories;26
Exhibit 4.5             (iii) repurchase agreements collateralized by Direct Obligations or securities guaranteed by GNMA, FNMA or FHLMC with any registered broker/dealer subject to Securities Investors’ Protection Corporation jurisdiction or any commercial bank insured by the FDIC, if such broker/dealer or bank has an uninsured, unsecured and unguaranteed obligation rated by each Rating Agency in its highest short-term rating category;             (iv) securities bearing interest or sold at a discount issued by any corporation incorporated under the laws of the United States of America or any state thereof which have a credit rating from each Rating Agency, at the time of investment or the contractual commitment providing for such investment, at least equal to one of the two highest short-term credit rating categories of each Rating Agency; provided, however, that securities issued by any particular corporation will not be Eligible Investments to the extent that investment therein will cause the then outstanding principal amount of securities issued by such corporation and held as part of the Trust Fund to exceed 20% of the sum of the Aggregate Loan Balance and the aggregate principal amount of all Eligible Investments in the Collection Account; provided, further, that such securities will not be Eligible Investments if they are published as being under review with negative implications from any Rating Agency;             (v) commercial paper (including both non-interest-bearing discount obligations and interest-bearing obligations payable on demand or on a specified date not more than 180 days after the date of issuance thereof) rated by each Rating Agency in its highest short-term rating category;             (vi) a Qualified GIC;             (vii) certificates or receipts representing direct ownership interests in future interest or principal payments on obligations of the United States of America or its agencies or instrumentalities (which obligations are backed by the full faith and credit of the United States of America) held by the custodian in safekeeping on behalf of the holders of such receipts; and             (viii) any other demand, money market, common trust fund or time deposit or obligation, or interest-bearing or other security or investment (including those managed or advised by the Trust Administrator or any Affiliate thereof), (A) rated in the highest rating category by each Rating Agency rating such investment or (B) that would not adversely affect the then current rating assigned by each Rating Agency of any of the Certificates or the NIM Securities.
Such investments in this subsection (viii) may include money market mutual funds or common trust funds, including any fund for which [__________] (the “Bank”) in its capacity other than as Trustee, the Trustee, the Master Servicer, any NIMS Insurer, the Trust Administrator or an affiliate thereof serves as an investment advisor, administrator, shareholder servicing agent, and/or custodian or subcustodian, notwithstanding that (x) the Bank, the Trustee, the Master Servicer, any NIMS Insurer, the Trust Administrator or any affiliate thereof charges and collects fees and expenses from such funds for services rendered, (y) the Bank, the Trustee, the Master Servicer, any NIMS Insurer, the Trust Administrator or any affiliate thereof charges and collects fees and expenses for services rendered pursuant to this Agreement, and (z)27
Exhibit 4.5   services performed for such funds and pursuant to this Agreement may converge at any time.
The Trustee specifically authorizes the Bank or an affiliate thereof to charge and collect from the Trustee such fees as are collected from all investors in such funds for services rendered to such funds (but not to exceed investment earnings thereon);provided, however, that no such instrument shall be an Eligible Investment if such instrument evidences either (i) a right to receive only interest payments with respect to the obligations underlying such instrument, or (ii) both principal and interest payments derived from obligations underlying such instrument and the principal and interest payments with respect to such instrument provide a yield to maturity of greater than 120% of the yield to maturity at par of such underlying obligations, provided that any such investment will be a “permitted investment” within the meaning of Section 860G(a)(5) of the Code.
ERISA: The Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended.
ERISA-Qualifying Underwriting: A best efforts or firm commitment underwriting or private placement that meets the requirements of an Underwriter’s Exemption.
ERISA-Restricted Certificate: Any Class X or Class R Certificate, and any other Certificate with a rating below the lowest applicable rating permitted under the Underwriter’s Exemption.
Errors and Omission Insurance Policy: The errors or omission insurance policy required to be obtained by the Servicer or Subservicer satisfying the requirements of the Servicing Agreement.
Escrow Account: Any account established and maintained by the Servicer or Subservicer pursuant to the Servicing Agreement.
Event of Default: Any one of the conditions or circumstances enumerated in Section 6.14(a).
Exchange Act: means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations thereunder.
FDIC: The Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any successor thereto.
FHLMC: The Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation, a corporate instrumentality of the United States created and existing under Title III of the Emergency Home Finance Act of 1970, as amended, or any successor thereto.
Fidelity Bond: The fidelity bond required to be obtained by the Servicer satisfying the requirements of the Servicing Agreement.28
Exhibit 4.5          Final Scheduled Distribution Date: With respect to each Class of Certificates other than the Class A-IO Certificates, the Distribution Date occurring in [     ], and with respect to the Class A-IO Certificates, the Distribution Date occurring in [     ].
Financial Intermediary: A broker, dealer, bank or other financial institution or other Person that clears through or maintains a custodial relationship with a Clearing Agency Participant.
Fitch: Fitch, Inc., or any successor in interest.
FNMA: Fannie Mae, formerly known as the Federal National Mortgage Association, a federally chartered and privately owned corporation organized and existing under the Federal National Mortgage Association Charter Act, or any successor thereto.
Form 8-K Disclosure Information: has the meaning set forth in Section 6.20(d)(i).
Form 10-K Certification: As defined in Section 6.20(c).
Global Securities: The global certificates representing the Book-Entry Certificates.
GNMA: The Government National Mortgage Association, a wholly owned corporate instrumentality of the United States within HUD.
Holder or Certificateholder: The registered owner of any Certificate as recorded on the books of the Certificate Registrar except that, solely for the purposes of taking any action or giving any consent pursuant to this Agreement, any Certificate registered in the name of the Depositor, the Trustee, the Master Servicer, the Trust Administrator, the Servicer, the Subservicer, the Cap Provider, or any Affiliate thereof shall be deemed not to be outstanding in determining whether the requisite percentage necessary to effect any such consent has been obtained, except that, in determining whether the Trustee shall be protected in relying upon any such consent, only Certificates which a Responsible Officer of the Trustee knows to be so owned shall be disregarded.
The Trustee and any NIMS insurer may request and conclusively rely on certifications by the Depositor, the Master Servicer, the Trust Administrator, the Servicer, the Subservicer or the Cap Provider in determining whether any Certificates are registered to an Affiliate of the Depositor, the Master Servicer, the Trust Administrator, the Servicer, the Subservicer, the Cap Provider.
HUD: The United States Department of Housing and Urban Development, or any successor thereto.
Independent: When used with respect to any Accountants, a Person who is “independent” within the meaning of Rule 2-01(b) of the Securities and Exchange Commission’s Regulation S-X.
When used with respect to any other Person, a Person who (a) is in fact independent of another specified Person and any Affiliate of such other Person, (b) does not have any material direct financial interest in such other Person or any Affiliate of such other Person,29
Exhibit 4.5and (c) is not connected with such other Person or any Affiliate of such other Person as an officer, employee, promoter, underwriter, trustee, partner, director or Person performing similar functions.
Index: The index specified in the related Mortgage Note for calculation of the Mortgage Rate thereof.
Insurance Policy: Any standard hazard insurance policy, flood insurance policy, earthquake insurance policy or title insurance policy relating to the Mortgage Loans or the Mortgaged Properties, to be in effect as of the Closing Date or thereafter during the term of this Agreement.
Insurance Proceeds: Amounts paid by the insurer under any Insurance Policy, other than amounts (i) to cover expenses incurred by or on behalf of the Servicer, Subservicer or Master Servicer in connection with procuring such proceeds, (ii) to be applied to restoration or repair of the related Mortgaged Property or (iii) required to be paid over to the Mortgagor pursuant to law or the related Mortgage Note.
In the event that the Trustee incurs reimbursable amounts in excess of $[     ], it may seek reimbursement for such amounts in subsequent Anniversary Years, but in no event shall more than $[     ] be reimbursed to the Trustee per Anniversary Year.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, costs and expenses incurred by30
Exhibit 4.5the Trustee pursuant to Section 6.14(a) in connection with any transfer of servicing shall be excluded from the $[     ] per Anniversary Year limit on reimbursable amounts.
Latest Possible Maturity Date: The Distribution Date occurring in [     ].
LIBOR: With respect to the first Accrual Period, the Initial LIBOR Rate.
In the event that the BBA no longer sets an Interest Settlement Rate, the Trust Administrator will designate an alternative index that has performed, or that the Trust Administrator expects to perform, in a manner substantially similar to the BBA’s Interest Settlement Rate.
The Trust Administrator will select a particular index as the alternative index only if it receives an Opinion of Counsel (a copy of which shall be furnished to the Trustee and any NIMS Insurer), which opinion shall be an expense reimbursed from the Collection Account pursuant to Section 4.04, that the selection of such index will not cause any of the REMICs to lose their classification as REMICs for federal income tax purposes.
The establishment of LIBOR by the Trust Administrator and the Trust Administrator’s subsequent calculation of the Certificate Interest Rate applicable to the LIBOR Certificates for the relevant Accrual Period, in the absence of manifest error, will be final and binding.
LIBOR Business Day: Any day on which banks in London, England and The City of New York are open and conducting transactions in foreign currency and exchange.
LIBOR Certificate: Any Class 1-A, Class 2-Al, Class 2-A2, Class M1, Class M2, Class M3, Class M4, Class M5 and Class B Certificate.
Liquidated Mortgage Loan: Any defaulted Mortgage Loan as to which the Master Servicer, the Servicer or the Subservicer has determined that all amounts that it expects to recover on behalf of the Trust Fund from or on account of such Mortgage Loan have been recovered.31
Exhibit 4.5          Liquidation Expenses: Expenses that are incurred by the Master Servicer, the Servicer or the Subservicer in connection with the liquidation of any defaulted Mortgage Loan, including, without limitation, foreclosure and rehabilitation expenses, legal expenses and unreimbursed amounts, if any, expended pursuant to Sections 9.06, 9.16 or 9.22.
Liquidation Proceeds: Cash received in connection with the liquidation of a defaulted Mortgage Loan, whether through the sale or assignment of such Mortgage Loan, trustee’s sale, foreclosure sale, payment in full, discounted payoff or otherwise, or the sale of the related Mortgaged Property if the Mortgaged Property is acquired in satisfaction of the Mortgage Loan, including any amounts remaining in the related Escrow Account.
Lower Tier Interest: As described in the Preliminary Statement.
Exhibit 4.5Date determined as of the last day of the related Collection Period and (b) the amount, if any, by which (i) the Aggregate Loan Balance for such Distribution Date determined as of the last day of the related Collection Period exceeds (ii) 0.50% of the Cut-off Date Balance.
Master Servicer: [     ], or any successor in interest, or if any successor master servicer shall be appointed as herein provided, then such successor master servicer.
Material Defect: As defined in Section 2.02(c) hereof.
MERS: Mortgage Electronic Registration Systems, Inc., a Delaware corporation, or any successor in interest thereto.
MERS Mortgage Loan: Any Mortgage Loan as to which the related Mortgage, or an Assignment of Mortgage, has been or will be recorded in the name of MERS, as nominee for the holder from time to time of the Mortgage Note.
Moody’s: Moody’s Investors Service, Inc., or any successor in interest.
Mortgage: A mortgage, deed of trust or other instrument encumbering a fee simple interest in real property securing a Mortgage Note, together with improvements thereto.
Mortgage Loan: A Mortgage and the related notes or other evidences of indebtedness secured by each such Mortgage conveyed, transferred, sold, assigned to or deposited with the Trustee pursuant to Section 2.01 or Section 2.05, including without limitation each Mortgage Loan listed on the Mortgage Loan Schedule, as amended from time to time, including any related REO Property.34
Exhibit 4.5          Mortgage Loan Purchase Agreement: The mortgage loan purchase agreement dated as of [     ], 2006, for the sale of the Mortgage Loans by the Seller to the Depositor.
Mortgage Loan Schedule: The schedule attached hereto as Schedule A, which shall identify each Mortgage Loan, as such schedule may be amended from time to time to reflect the addition of Mortgage Loans to, or the deletion of Mortgage Loans from, the Trust Fund.
Such schedule shall set forth, among other things, the following information with respect to each Mortgage Loan: (i) the Mortgage Loan identifying number; (ii) the original principal amount of the Mortgage Loan; (iii) the Mortgage Rate at origination; (iv) the monthly payment of principal and interest at origination; (v) the Mortgage Pool in which such Mortgage Loan is included, and (vi) whether such Mortgage Loan is subject to Prepayment Premium for voluntary prepayments by the Mortgagor, the term during which such Prepayment Premiums are imposed and the method of calculations of the Prepayment Premium.
Mortgage Note: The note or other evidence of the indebtedness of a Mortgagor secured by a Mortgage under a Mortgage Loan.
Mortgage Pool: Either Pool 1 or Pool 2.
Mortgage Rate: With respect to any Mortgage Loan, the per annum rate at which interest accrues on such Mortgage Loan, as determined under the related Mortgage Note as reduced by the applications of the Civil Relief Act.
Mortgaged Property: Either of (x) the fee simple interest in real property, together with improvements thereto including any exterior improvements to be completed within 120 days of disbursement of the related Mortgage Loan proceeds, or (y) in the case of a Cooperative Loan, the related Cooperative Shares and Proprietary Lease, securing the indebtedness of the Mortgagor under the related Mortgage Loan.
Mortgagee: The obligee or obligees under a Mortgage Note.
Mortgagor: The obligor on a Mortgage Note.
Net Funds Cap: The Pool 1 Net Funds Cap, the Pool 2 Net Funds Cap or the Subordinate Net Funds Cap, as the context requires.35
Exhibit 4.5          Net Liquidation Proceeds: With respect to any Liquidated Mortgage Loan, the related Liquidation Proceeds net of (i) unreimbursed expenses and (ii) any unreimbursed Advances, if any, received and retained in connection with the liquidation of such Mortgage Loan.
Net Mortgage Rate: With respect to any Mortgage Loan, the Mortgage Rate thereof reduced by the Aggregate Expense Rate for such Mortgage Loan.
Net Prepayment Interest Shortfall: With respect to any Deposit Date, the excess, if any, of any Prepayment Interest Shortfalls with respect to the Mortgage Loans for such date over any amounts paid with respect to such shortfalls by the Servicer and the Subservicer pursuant to the Servicing Agreement or the Master Servicer, pursuant to this Agreement.
NIMS Agreement: Any agreement pursuant to which the NIM Securities are issued.
NIMS Insurer: One or more insurers issuing financial guaranty insurance policies in connection with the issuance of NIM Securities.
NIM Securities: Any net interest margin securities issued by a trust or other special purpose entity, the principal assets of such trust including the Class X Certificates and the payments received thereon, together with payments received on the Class X Cap, which principal assets back such securities.
Non-Book-Entry Certificate: Any Certificate other than a Book-Entry Certificate.
Non-MERS Mortgage Loan: Any Mortgage Loan other than a MERS Mortgage Loan.
Non-permitted Foreign Holder: As defined in Section 3.03(f).
Non-U.S.
Person: Any person other than a “United States person” within the meaning of Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code.
Notional Amount: With respect to any Notional Certificate and any Distribution Date, such Certificate’s Percentage Interest of the Class Notional Amount of such Class of Certificates for such Distribution Date.
Notional Certificate: Any Class A-IO Certificate.
Offering Document: The Prospectus.
Opinion of Counsel: A written opinion of counsel, reasonably acceptable in form and substance to the Trustee, and which may be in-house or outside counsel to the Depositor, the Master Servicer or the Trustee but which must be Independent outside counsel with respect to any such opinion of counsel concerning the transfer of any Residual Certificate or concerning36
Exhibit 4.5certain matters with respect to the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended (“ERISA”), or the taxation, or the federal income tax status, of each REMIC.
Original Loan-to-Value Ratio: With respect to any Mortgage Loan, the ratio of the principal balance of such Mortgage Loan at origination, or such other date as is specified, to the Original Value of the related Mortgage Property.
For all other Mortgage Loans, the Appraised Value of the related Mortgaged Property at the time the related Mortgage Loan was originated.
Overcollateralization Amount: With respect to any Distribution Date, the amount, if any, by which (x) the Aggregate Loan Balance for such Distribution Date exceeds (y) the aggregate Class Principal Amount of the Class 1-A, Class 2-Al, Class 2-A2, Class M1, Class M2, Class M3, Class M4, Class M5 and Class B Certificates after giving effect to distributions on such Distribution Date.
Overcollateralization Deficiency: With respect to any Distribution Date, the amount, if any, by which (x) the Targeted Overcollateralization Amount for such Distribution Date exceeds (y) the Overcollateralization Amount for such Distribution Date, calculated for this purpose after giving effect to the reduction on such Distribution Date of the Certificate Principal Amounts of the Certificates resulting from the distribution of the Principal Remittance Amounts on such Distribution Date, but prior to allocation of any Applied Loss Amount on such Distribution Date.
Payahead: With respect to any Mortgage Loan and any Due Date therefor, any Scheduled Payment received by the applicable Servicer during any Collection Period in addition to the Scheduled Payment due on such Due Date, intended by the related Mortgagor to be applied on a subsequent Due Date or Due Dates.
Paying Agent: Any paying agent appointed pursuant to Section 3.08.
PCAOB: means the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board.
Percentage Interest: With respect to any Certificate, its percentage interest in the undivided beneficial ownership interest in the Trust Fund evidenced by all Certificates of the same Class as such Certificate.
With respect to any Certificate other than the Class A-IO, Class X and Class R Certificates, the Percentage Interest evidenced thereby shall equal the initial Certificate Principal Amount thereof divided by the initial Class Principal Amount of all Certificates of the same Class.
With respect to the Class X and Class R Certificates, the Percentage Interest evidenced thereby shall be as specified on the face thereof, or otherwise be equal to 100%.
With respect to any Class A-IO Certificate, the Percentage Interest evidenced thereby shall equal the initial Notional Amount of such Class as set forth on the face thereof divided by the initial Class Notional Amount thereof.37
Exhibit 4.5          Person: Any individual, corporation, partnership, joint venture, association, joint-stock company, limited liability company, trust, unincorporated organization or government or any agency or political subdivision thereof.
Plan: An employee benefit plan or other retirement arrangement which is subject to Section 4.06 of ERISA and/or Section 4975 of the Code or any entity whose underlying assets include such plan’s or arrangement’s assets by reason of their investment in the entity.
Plan Asset Regulations: The Department of Labor regulations set forth in 29 C.F.R.
2510.3-101.
Pool Balance: With respect to each Mortgage Pool or Subgroup, the aggregate of the Scheduled Principal Balances of all Mortgage Loans in such Mortgage Pool or Subgroup at the date of determination.
Pool 1: The aggregate of the Mortgage Loans identified on the Mortgage Loan Schedule as being included in Pool 1.
Pool 2: The aggregate of the Mortgage Loans identified on the Mortgage Loan Schedule as being included in Pool 2.
Pool 1 Monthly Excess Interest: With respect to any Distribution Date, the amount of any Interest Remittance Amount for Pool 1 remaining after application pursuant to clauses (i) through (x) of Section 5.02(b) on such date.
Pool 2 Monthly Excess Interest: With respect to any Distribution Date, the amount of any Interest Remittance Amount for Pool 2 remaining after application pursuant to clauses (i) through (x) of Section 5.02(c) on such date.
Pool 1 Subordinate Percentage: Immediately after any Distribution Date, a fraction, expressed as a percentage, the numerator of which is the Pool Subordinate Amount for Pool 1 and the denominator of which is the sum of the Pool Subordinate Amount for Pool 1 and Pool 2.
Pool 2 Subordinate Percentage: Immediately after any Distribution Date, a fraction, expressed as a percentage, the numerator of which is the Pool Subordinate Amount for Pool 2 and the denominator of which is the sum of the Pool Subordinate Amount for Pool 1 and Pool 2.
Pool Percentage: With respect to each Mortgage Pool and any Distribution Date, the fraction, expressed as a percentage, the numerator of which is the Pool Balance for such Mortgage Pool for such date and the denominator of which is the Aggregate Loan Balance for such date.
Pool Subordinate Amount: As to any Mortgage Pool and any Distribution Date, the excess of the Pool Balance for such Mortgage Pool for such Distribution Date over the aggregate Class Principal Amount of the Class 1-A Certificates (in the case of Pool 1) and the Class Principal Amount of the Class 2-Al and Class 2-A2 Certificates (in the case of Pool 2), in each case, immediately prior to the related Distribution Date.
Prepayment Interest Excess Amount: Not applicable.
Prepayment Premium Schedule: As of any date, the list of Prepayment Premiums on the Mortgage Loans included in the Trust on such date, included as part of the Mortgage Loan Schedule at Schedule A (including the Prepayment Premium Summary attached thereto).
The39
Prime Rate: The prime rate of the United States money center commercial banks as published in The Wall Street Journal, Northeast Edition.
Principal Prepayment: Any Mortgagor payment of principal (other than a Balloon Payment) or other recovery of principal on a Mortgage Loan that is recognized as having been received or recovered in advance of its scheduled Due Date and applied to reduce the principal balance of the Mortgage Loan in accordance with the terms of the Mortgage Note or the Servicing Agreement.
Exhibit 4.5all Net Liquidation Proceeds, Insurance Proceeds and other recoveries collected with respect to the Mortgage Loans in such Mortgage Pool during the related Prepayment Period, to the extent allocable to principal, as reduced by (b) to the extent not reimbursed from the Interest Remittance Amount, the related Pool Percentage for such date of any other costs, expenses or liabilities reimbursable to the Trustee, the Master Servicer, the Trust Administrator, the Custodian, the Servicer and the Subservicer to the extent provided in this Agreement and the Servicing Agreement and to the extent the Interest Remittance Amount is less than amounts reimbursable to the Trustee pursuant to Section 4.04(b)(i), the product of (x) the applicable Pool Percentage for such Distribution Date and (y) any amounts reimbursable during the related Anniversary Year to the Trustee therefrom and not reimbursed from the Interest Remittance Amount, or otherwise; provided, however, that such reimbursable amounts from the Interest Remittance Amount and the Principal Remittance Amount may not exceed $[     ] in the aggregate during any Anniversary Year.
In the event that the Trustee incurs reimbursable amounts in excess of $[     ], it may seek reimbursement for such amounts in subsequent Anniversary Years, but in no event shall more than $[     ] be reimbursed to the Trustee per Anniversary Year.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, costs and expenses incurred by the Trust Administrator pursuant to Section 6.14(a) in connection with any transfer of servicing shall be excluded from the $[     ] per Anniversary Year limit on reimbursable amounts.
Proceeding: Any suit in equity, action at law or other judicial or administrative proceeding.
Proprietary Lease: With respect to any Cooperative Unit, a lease or occupancy agreement between a Cooperative Corporation and a holder of related Cooperative Shares.
Prospectus: The prospectus supplement dated [     ], 2006, together with the accompanying prospectus dated [     ], relating to the Class A, Class M and Class B Certificates.
The Master Servicer, the Servicer and the Subservicer (or the Trustee or the Trust Administrator, if applicable) shall be reimbursed from the Purchase Price for any Mortgage Loan or related REO Property for any Advances made or other amounts advanced with respect to such Mortgage Loan that are reimbursable to the Master Servicer, the Servicer or the Subservicer under this Agreement or the Servicing Agreement (or to the Trustee or the Trust Administrator, if applicable), together with any accrued and unpaid compensation due to the Master Servicer, the Trust Administrator, the Servicer, the Subservicer or the Trustee hereunder or thereunder; and (e) the amount of any penalties, fines, forfeitures, legal fees and related costs, judgements and any other costs, fees and expenses incurred by or imposed on the Depositor, the Trustee, or41
Exhibit 4.5the Trust or with respect to which any of them are liable arising from a breach by the Seller of its representations and warranties in Section 2.03.
QIB: As defined in Section 3.03(c).
Qualified GIC: A guaranteed investment contract or surety bond providing for the investment of funds in the Collection Account, the Trust Administration Account or the Collection Account and insuring a minimum, fixed or floating rate of return on investments of such funds, which contract or surety bond shall:             (i) be an obligation of an insurance company or other corporation whose long-term debt is rated by each Rating Agency in one of its two highest rating categories or, if such insurance company has no long-term debt, whose claims paying ability is rated by each Rating Agency in one of its two highest rating categories, and whose short-term debt is rated by each Rating Agency in its highest rating category;             (ii) provide that the Trustee may exercise all of the rights under such contract or surety bond without the necessity of taking any action by any other Person;             (iii) provide that if at any time the then current credit standing of the obligor under such guaranteed investment contract is such that continued investment pursuant to such contract of funds would result in a downgrading of any rating of the Certificates or the NIM Securities, the Trustee shall terminate such contract without penalty and be entitled to the return of all finds previously invested thereunder, together with accrued interest thereon at the interest rate provided under such contract to the date of delivery of such funds to the Trustee;             (iv) provide that the Trustee’s interest therein shall be transferable to any successor trustee hereunder; and             (v) provide that the funds reinvested thereunder and accrued interest thereon be returnable to the Collection Account, the Trust Administration Account or the Collection Account, as the case may be, not later than the Business Day prior to any Distribution Date.
Qualified Insurer: An insurance company duly qualified as such under the laws of the states in which the related Mortgaged Properties are located, duly authorized and licensed in such states to transact the applicable insurance business and to write the insurance provided and whose claims paying ability is rated by each Rating Agency in its highest rating category or whose selection as an insurer will not adversely affect the rating of the Certificates.
Qualifying Substitute Mortgage Loan: In the case of a Mortgage Loan substituted for a Deleted Mortgage Loan pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, a Mortgage Loan that, on the date of such substitution, (i) has an outstanding Scheduled Principal Balance (or in the case of a substitution of more than one mortgage loan for a Deleted Mortgage Loan, an aggregate Scheduled Principal Balance), after application of all Scheduled Payments due during or prior to the month of substitution, not in excess of, and not more than 5% less than, the outstanding Scheduled Principal Balance of the Deleted Mortgage Loan as of the Due Date in the calendar42
Exhibit 4.5month during which the substitution occurs, (ii) has a Mortgage Rate not less than the Mortgage Rate on the Deleted Mortgage Loan, (iii) if applicable, has a maximum Mortgage Rate not less than the maximum Mortgage Rate on the Deleted Mortgage Loan, (iv) has a minimum Mortgage Rate not less than the minimum Mortgage Rate of the Deleted Mortgage Loan, (v) has a gross margin equal to or greater than the gross margin of the Deleted Mortgage Loan, (vi) is not a Cooperative Loan unless the related Deleted Mortgage Loan was a Cooperative Loan, (vii) has a next adjustment date not later than the next adjustment date on the Deleted Mortgage Loan, (viii) has the same Due Date as the Deleted Mortgage Loan, (ix) has a remaining stated term to maturity not longer than 18 months and not more than 18 months shorter than the remaining stated term to maturity of the related Deleted Mortgage Loan, (x) is current as of the date of substitution, (xi) has a Loan-to-Value Ratio as of the date of substitution equal to or lower than the Loan-to-Value Ratio of the Deleted Mortgage Loan as of such date, (xii) has been underwritten by the Seller or in accordance with the same underwriting criteria and guidelines as the Deleted Mortgage Loan, (xiii) has a risk grading determined by the Seller at least equal to the risk grading assigned on the Deleted Mortgage Loan, (xiv) is secured by the same property type as the Deleted Mortgage Loan, (xv) conforms to each representation and warranty applicable to the Deleted Mortgage Loan made in the Mortgage Loan Purchase Agreement, (xvi) has the same or higher lien position as the Deleted Mortgage Loan, (xvii) contains provisions covering the payment of Prepayment Premium by the Mortgager for early prepayment of the Mortgage Loan at least as favorable as the Deleted Mortgage Loan, (xviii) for any Mortgage Loan to be substituted into Pool 1, has an original Scheduled Principal Balance within the maximum dollar amount limitations prescribed by FNMA and FHLMC for conforming one-to-four-family mortgage loans, (xix) is covered by a primary mortgage insurance policy if the Deleted Mortgage Loan was so covered, (xx) has a maturity date not later than the maturity date of the latest maturing Mortgage Loan in the Mortgage Pool as of the Closing Date, (xxi) has the same Mortgage Index as the Deleted Mortgage Loan; (xxii) if originated on or after November 27, 2003, is not a “high cost” loan subject to the New Jersey Home Ownership Security Act of 2003; and (xxiii) if originated on or after January 1, 2004, is not a “high-cost” loan subject to the New Mexico Home Loan Protection Act.
In the event that one or more mortgage loans are substituted for one or more Deleted Mortgage Loans, the amounts described in clause (i) hereof shall be determined on the basis of aggregate Scheduled Principal Balances, the Mortgage Rates described in clause (ii) hereof shall be determined on the basis of weighted average Mortgage Rates, the risk gradings described in clause (xii) hereof shall be satisfied as to each such mortgage loan, the terms described in clause (viii) hereof shall be determined on the basis of weighted average remaining term to maturity, the Loan-to-Value Ratios described in clause (x) hereof shall be satisfied as to each such mortgage loan and, except to the extent otherwise provided in this sentence, the representations and warranties described in clause (xiv) hereof must be satisfied as to each Qualified Substitute Mortgage Loan or in the aggregate, as the case may be.
Realized Loss: With respect to each Liquidated Mortgage Loan, an amount equal to (i) the unpaid principal balance of such Mortgage Loan as of the date of liquidation, minus (ii) Liquidation Proceeds received, to the extent allocable to principal, net of amounts that are reimbursable therefrom to the Master Servicer, the Servicer or the Subservicer with respect to such Mortgage Loan (other than Advances of principal) including expenses of liquidation.
In43
Exhibit 4.5determining whether a Realized Loss is a Realized Loss of principal, Liquidation Proceeds shall be allocated, first, to payment of expenses related to such Liquidated Mortgage Loan, then to accrued unpaid interest and finally to reduce the principal balance of the Mortgage Loan.
Recognition Agreement: None.
Record Date: With respect to each Class of Certificates (other than any Class X and Class R Certificates) and any Distribution Date, the close of business on the Business Day immediately preceding such Distribution Date.
With respect to the Class X and Class R Certificates and any Distribution Date, the last Business Day of the month immediately preceding the month in which the Distribution Date occurs (or, in the case of the first Distribution Date, the Closing Date).
Recognition Agreement: With respect to any Cooperative Loan, an agreement between the related Cooperative Corporation and the originator of such Mortgage Loan to establish the rights of such Originator in the related Cooperative Property.
§§ 229.1100 - 229.1123, as such may be amended from time to time, and subject to such clarification and interpretation as have been provided by the Commission in the adopting release (Asset-Backed Securities, Securities Act Release No.
Reg.
1,506, 1,531 (Jan. 7, 2005)) or by the staff of the Commission, or as may be provided by the Commission or its staff from time to time.
Relevant Servicing Criteria: means the Servicing Criteria applicable to the various parties, as set forth on Exhibit [_] attached hereto.
For clarification purposes, multiple parties can have responsibility for the same Relevant Servicing Criteria.
With respect to a Servicing Function Participant engaged by the Indenture Trustee, the Servicer or the subservicer, the term “Relevant Servicing Criteria” may refer to a portion of the Relevant Servicing Criteria applicable to the Servicer, the Trustee or [     ].
Relevant UCC: The Uniform Commercial Code as in effect in the applicable jurisdiction.
Relief Act Reduction: With respect to any Mortgage Loan as to which there has been a reduction in the amount of interest collectible thereon as a result of application of the Civil Relief Act, any amount by which interest collectible on such Mortgage Loan for the Due Date in the related Due Period is less than interest accrued thereon for the applicable one-month period at the Mortgage Rate without giving effect to such reduction.44
Exhibit 4.5          REMIC: Each pool of assets in the Trust Fund designated as a REMIC pursuant to Section 10.01(a) hereof.
REMIC 1: As described in the Preliminary Statement.
REMIC 2: As described in the Preliminary Statement.
REMIC 3: As described in the Preliminary Statement.
REMIC 4: As described in the Preliminary Statement.
REMIC Provisions: The provisions of the federal income tax law relating to real estate mortgage investment conduits, which appear at sections 860A through 860G of Subchapter M of Chapter 1 of the Code, and related provisions, and regulations, including proposed regulations and rulings, and administrative pronouncements promulgated thereunder, as the foregoing may be in effect from time to time.
REO Property: A Mortgaged Property acquired by the Trust Fund through foreclosure or deed-in-lieu of foreclosure in connection with a defaulted Mortgage Loan or otherwise treated as having been acquired pursuant to the REMIC Provisions.
Reportable Event: has the meaning set forth in Section 6.20(d)(i).
Required Reserve Fund Amount: With respect to any Distribution Date on which the Net Excess Spread is less than [     ]%, the amount, if any by which (a) the product of [     ]% and the Aggregate Loan Balance for such date exceeds (b) the amount on deposit in the Basis Risk Reserve Fund immediately prior to such date.
With respect to any Distribution Date on which the Net Excess Spread is equal to or greater than [     ]%, the amount, if any, by which (i) $1,000 exceeds the amount on deposit in the Basis Risk Reserve Fund immediately prior to such date; provided, however, that on any Distribution Date on which the Class Principal Amount of each Class of LIBOR Certificates has been reduced to zero, the Required Reserve Fund Amount shall be zero.
Residual Certificate: The Class R Certificate.
Responsible Officer: When used with respect to the Trustee or the Trust Administrator, any Vice President, Assistant Vice President, the Secretary, any assistant secretary, or any officer, working in its Corporate Trust Office and having responsibility for the administration of this Agreement, and any other Officer to whom a matter arising under this Agreement may be referred.
Restricted Certificate: Any Class X or Class R Certificate.
Restricted Global Security: As defined in Section 3.01(c).
Exhibit 4.5three (or one and two, in the case of the first and second Distribution Dates, respectively) immediately preceding calendar months.
S&P: Standard & Poor’s Ratings Services, a division of The McGraw-Hill Companies, Inc., or any successor in interest.
Sarbanes-Oxley Act: means the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and the rules and regulations of the Commission promulgated thereunder (including any interpretations thereof by the Commission’s staff).
Sarbanes-Oxley Certification: has the meaning set forth in Section 6.20(c)(v).
With respect to any Mortgage Loan and the Cut-off Date, as specified in the Mortgage Loan Schedule.
The Scheduled Principal Balance of any Liquidated Mortgage Loan shall be zero.
Securities Act: means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations thereunder.
Security Agreement: With respect to any Cooperative Loan, the agreement between the owner of the related Cooperative Shares and the originator of the related Mortgage Note that defines the terms of the security interest in such Cooperative Shares and the related Proprietary Lease.
Seller: Fieldstone Mortgage Company, or any successor in interest.
Senior Certificate: Any Class A Certificate.
Senior Enhancement Percentage: With respect to any Distribution Date, the fraction, expressed as a percentage, the numerator of which is the sum of the aggregate Class Principal46
Exhibit 4.5Amount of the Class M Certificates, the Class B Certificates and the Overcollateralization Amount (which amount, for purposes of this definition only, shall not be less than zero and assuming for purposes of this definition that the Principal Distribution Amount has been distributed on such Distribution Date and no Trigger Event has occurred) and the denominator of which is the Aggregate Loan Balance for such Distribution Date, in each case after giving effect to distributions on such Distribution Date.
Senior Priorities: With respect to each Mortgage Pool, the priority of distributions on the Class A Certificates described in subsections 5.02(d)(i)(A) and 5.02(d)(i)(B).
Senior Proportionate Percentage: With respect to Pool 1 and any Distribution Date, the fraction, expressed as a percentage, the numerator of which is the Principal Remittance Amount for Pool 1 for such Distribution Date and the denominator of which is the aggregate of the Principal Remittance Amounts for Pool 1 and Pool 2 for such Distribution Date.
With respect to Pool 2 and any Distribution Date, the fraction, expressed as a percentage, the numerator of which is the Principal Remittance Amount for Pool 2 for such Distribution Date and the denominator of which is the aggregate of the Principal Remittance Amounts for Pool 1 and Pool 2 for such Distribution Date.
Servicer: The Servicer specified in the Servicing Agreement.
Service(s)(ing): means, in accordance with Regulation AB, the act of servicing and administering the Mortgage Loans or any other assets of the Trust by an entity that meets the definition of “servicer’ set forth in Item 1101 of Regulation AB and is subject to the disclosure requirements set forth in 1108 of Regulation AB.
For clarification purposes, any uncapitalized occurrence of this term shall have the meaning commonly understood by participants in the residential mortgage-backed securitization market.
Exhibit 4.5          Servicing Advances: All customary, reasonable and necessary “out of pocket” costs and expenses other than Advances (including reasonable attorneys’ fees and disbursements) incurred in the performance by the Servicer and Subservicer of its servicing obligations, including, but not limited to, the cost of (a) the preservation, inspection, restoration and protection of the Mortgaged Property, (b) any enforcement or administrative or judicial proceedings, including foreclosures, (c) the management and liquidation of the Mortgaged Property if the Mortgaged Property is acquired in satisfaction of the Mortgage, (d) taxes, assessments, water rates, sewer rents and other charges which are or may become a lien upon the Mortgaged Property, and fire and hazard insurance coverage and (e) any losses sustained by the Servicer and the Subservicer with respect to the liquidation of the Mortgaged Property.
Servicing Criteria: means the criteria set forth in paragraph (d) of Item 1122 of Regulation AB, as such may be amended from time to time.
Servicing Fee Rate: With respect to each Mortgage Loan, the rate specified in the Servicing Agreement.
Servicing Function Participant: means any Additional Servicer, Subservicer, Subcontractor or any other Person, other than the Servicer and the Trustee, that is performing activities addressed by the Servicing Criteria, unless such Person’s activities relate only to 5% or less of the Mortgage Loans.
Servicing Standard: The servicing and administration of the Mortgage Loans for which the Servicer or Subservicer is responsible hereunder (a) in the same manner in which, and with the same care, skill, prudence and diligence with which, the Servicer or Subservicer generally services and administers similar mortgage loans with similar mortgagors (i) for other third parties, giving due consideration to customary and usual standards of practice of prudent institutional residential mortgage lenders servicing their own loans or (ii) held in the Servicer’s or Subservicer’s own portfolio, whichever standard is higher, (b) with a view to the maximization of the recovery on such Mortgage Loans on a net present value basis and the best interests of the Trust Fund or any Person to which the Mortgage Loans may be transferred by the Trust Fund, (c) without regard to (i) any relationship that the Servicer or Subservicer or any affiliate thereof may have with the related Mortgagor or any other party to the transactions; (ii) the right of the Servicer or Subservicer to receive compensation or other fees for its services rendered pursuant to this Agreement; (iii) the obligation of the Servicer or Subservicer to make Servicing Advances; (iv) the ownership, servicing or management by the Servicer or Subservicer or any affiliate thereof for others of any other mortgage loans or mortgaged properties; and (v) any debt the Service or any affiliate of the Servicer or Subservicer has extended to any48
Exhibit 4.5mortgagor or any affiliate of such mortgagor, and (d) in accordance with the applicable state, local and federal laws, rules and regulations.
Simple Interest Method: Not Applicable.
Simple Interest Mortgage Loan: None.
Startup Day: The day designated as such pursuant to Section 10.01(b) hereof.
Subcontractor: means any vendor, subcontractor or other Person that is not responsible for the overall servicing of Mortgage Loans but performs one or more discrete functions identified in Item 1122(d) of Regulation AB with respect to Mortgage Loans under the direction or authority of the Servicer (or a Subservicer of the Servicer), an Additional Servicer (or a Subservicer of an Additional Servicer) or the Trustee.
Subservicer: means any Person that (i) is considered to be a Servicing Function Participant, (ii) services Mortgage Loans on behalf of the Servicer or an Additional Servicer, and (iii) is responsible for the performance (whether directly or through subservicers or Subcontractors) of servicing functions identified in Item 1122(d) of Regulation AB required to be performed by the Servicer or Additional Servicer under this Agreement or any applicable servicing agreement.
Subordinate Certificate: Any Class M1, Class M2, Class M3, Class M4, Class M5, Class B or Class X Certificate.
Subordinate Net Funds Cap: With respect to any Distribution Date will equal the weighted average of the Pool 1 Net Funds Cap and the Pool 2 Net Funds Cap, weighted on the basis of the Pool Subordinate Amount for each Mortgage Pool; provided, however, that on or after the Distribution Date on which the Certificate Principal Amounts of the Senior Certificates related to any one of the Mortgage Pools have been reduced to zero, the Subordinate Net Funds Cap will equal the weighted average of the Pool 1 Net Funds Cap and the Pool 2 Net Funds Cap, weighted on the basis of the respective Pool Balances of the Mortgage Pools.
Substitution Amount: The amount, if any, by which the Scheduled Principal Balance of a Deleted Mortgage Loan exceeds the Scheduled Principal Balance of the related Qualifying Substitute Mortgage Loan, or aggregate Scheduled Principal Balance, if applicable, plus unpaid interest thereon; any related unpaid Advances or Servicing Advances or unpaid Servicing Fees; and the amount of any costs and damages incurred by the Trust Fund associated with a violation of any applicable federal, state or local predatory or abusive lending law in connection with the origination of the Deleted Mortgage Loan.49
Tax Matters Person: The “tax matters person” as specified in the REMIC Provisions.
Telerate Page 3750: The display currently so designated as “Page 3750” on the Bridge Telerate Service (or such other page selected by the Master Servicer as may replace Page 3750 on that service for the purpose of displaying daily comparable rates on prices).
Termination Price: As defined in Section 7.01.
Title Insurance Policy: A title insurance policy maintained with respect to a Mortgage Loan.
Trust Administrator: Wells Fargo Bank Minnesota, National Association, not in its individual capacity but solely as Trust Administrator, or any successor in interest, or if any successor Trust Administrator shall be appointed as herein provided, then such successor Trust Administrator.
Trust Fund: The corpus of the trust created pursuant to this Agreement, consisting of the Mortgage Loans, the assignment of the Depositor’s rights under the Mortgage Loan Purchase Agreement and the Servicing Agreement, the Basis Risk Cap and all amounts received from the Cap Provider thereunder, such amounts as shall from time to time be held in the Collection Account, Collection Account, any Custodial Account and any Escrow Account, the Basis Risk Reserve Fund, the Insurance Policies, any REO Property and the other items referred to in, and conveyed to the Trustee under, Section 2.01(a).
The Class X Cap shall not be an asset of the Trust Fund, and the Trustee shall hold the Class X Cap separate and apart from the assets of the Trust Fund, solely for the benefit of the Class X Certificateholder.50
Exhibit 4.5          Trustee: [     ], not in its individual capacity but solely as Trustee, or any successor in interest, or if any successor trustee shall be appointed as herein provided, then such successor in interest or successor trustee, as the case may be.
UCC: The Uniform Commercial Code as in effect in any applicable jurisdiction from time to time.
Underwriter: [     ]          Underwriter’s Exemption: Prohibited Transaction Exemption 2002-41, 67 Fed.
Reg.
54487 (2002), as amended (or any successor thereto), or any substantially similar administrative exemption granted by the U.S. Department of Labor.
Uniform Commercial Code: The Uniform Commercial Code as in effect in any applicable jurisdiction from time to time.
Unpaid Basis Risk Shortfall: With respect to any Distribution Date, any LIBOR Certificate, the aggregate of all Basis Risk Shortfalls with respect to such Certificate remaining unpaid from previous Distribution Dates, plus interest accrued thereon at the applicable Certificate Interest Rate (calculated without giving effect to the applicable Net Funds Cap or Subordinate Net Funds Cap) but limited to a rate no greater than the Maximum Interest Rate.
Upper Tier REMIC: REMIC 4.
Voting Interests: The portion of the voting rights of all the Certificates that is allocated to any Certificate for purposes of the voting provisions of this Agreement.
At all times during the term of this Agreement, [     ]% of all Voting Interests shall be allocated to the Class A, Class M and Class B Certificates.
Voting Interests shall be allocated among such Certificates based on the product of (i) [     ]% and (ii) the fraction, expressed as a percentage, the numerator of which is the aggregate Class Principal Amount of all Certificates then outstanding and the denominator is the Aggregate Loan Balance then outstanding.
At all times during the term of this Agreement, [     ]% of all Voting Interests shall be allocated to each Class of the Class A-IO, Class R and Class X Certificates, while they remain outstanding.
Voting Interests shall be allocated among the other Classes of Certificates (and among the Certificates within each such Class) in proportion to their Class Principal Amounts (or Certificate Principal Amounts) or Percentage Interests.
Section 1.02 Calculations Respecting Mortgage Loans.
Calculations required to be made pursuant to this Agreement with respect to any Mortgage Loan in the Trust Fund shall be made based upon current information as to the terms of the Mortgage Loans and reports of payments received from the Mortgagor on such Mortgage Loans and payments to be made to the Trust Administrator as supplied to the Trust Administrator by the Master Servicer.
The Trust Administrator shall not be required to51
Exhibit 4.5recompute, verify or recalculate the information supplied to it by the Master Servicer, the Servicer or the Subservicer.
Section 1.03 Calculations Respecting Accrued Interest.
Accrued interest, if any, on the Certificates (other than the Class A-IO Certificates) shall be calculated based upon a 360-day year and the actual number of days in each Accrual Period.
30 days’ of interest shall accrue with respect to such Class for each Distribution Date after the initial Distribution Date.ARTICLE IIDECLARATION OF TRUST;
ISSUANCE OF CERTIFICATES          Section 2.01 Creation and Declaration of Trust Fund: Conveyance of Mortgage Loans.
Such conveyance includes, without limitation, the right to all payments of principal and interest received on or with respect to the Mortgage Loans on and after the Cut-off Date (other than payments of principal and interest due on or before such date), and all such payments due after such date but received prior to such date and intended by the related Mortgagors to be applied after such date together with all of the Depositor’s right, title and interest in and to the Collection Account and all amounts from time to time credited to and the proceeds of the Collection Account and all amounts from time to time credited to and the proceeds of the Collection Account and all amounts from time to time credited to and the proceeds of the Collection Account, any Escrow Account established pursuant to Section 9.06 and any Basis Risk Reserve Fund established pursuant to Section 5.06 and all amounts from time to time credited to and the proceeds of each such account, any REO Property and the proceeds thereof, the Depositor’s rights under any Insurance Policies related to the Mortgage Loans, the Depositor’s security interest in any collateral pledged to secure the Mortgage Loans, including the Mortgaged Properties and any Additional Collateral, and any proceeds of the foregoing, to have and to hold, in trust; and the Trustee declares that, subject to the review provided for in Section 2.02, it has received and shall hold the Trust Fund, as trustee, in trust, for the benefit and use of the Holders of the Certificates and for the purposes and subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement, and, concurrently with such receipt, has caused to be executed, authenticated and delivered to or upon the order of the Depositor, in exchange for the Trust Fund, Certificates in the authorized denominations evidencing the entire ownership of the Trust Fund.
Concurrently with the execution and delivery of this Agreement, the Depositor does hereby assign to the Trustee all of its rights and interest under the Mortgage Loan Purchase Agreement, including all rights of the Seller under the Servicing Agreement, but only to the extent assigned under the Mortgage Loan Purchase Agreement.
The Trustee hereby accepts such52
Exhibit 4.5assignment, and shall be entitled to exercise all the rights of the Depositor under the Mortgage Loan Purchase Agreement as if, for such purpose, it were the Depositor.
The foregoing sale, transfer, assignment, set-over, deposit and conveyance does not and is not intended to result in the creation or assumption by the Trustee of any obligation of the Depositor, the Seller or any other Person in connection with the Mortgage Loans or any other agreement or instrument relating thereto except as specifically set forth therein.
The Depositor hereby directs the Trustee, solely in its capacity as Trustee hereunder, to execute and deliver, concurrently with the execution and delivery of this Agreement, the Cap Agreement.
The Trustee shall have no duty or responsibility to enter into any other interest rate cap agreement upon the expiration or termination of the Cap Agreement.
The Class X Cap shall not be an asset of the Trust Fund, and the Trustee shall hold the Class X Cap separate and apart from the assets of the Trust Fund, solely for the benefit of the Class X Certificateholder.
The parties hereto acknowledge and agree that the form of endorsement attached hereto as Exhibit B-4 is intended to effect the transfer to the Trustee, for the benefit of the Certificateholders, of the Mortgage Notes and the Mortgages.
(c) MERS is the record owner of all of the Mortgage Loans.
The Seller shall, or shall cause the Servicer or the Subservicer, at the expense of the Seller, to take such actions as are necessary to cause the Trustee to be clearly identified as the owner of each such Mortgage Loan on the records of MERS for purposes of the system of recording transfers of beneficial ownership of mortgages maintained by MERS.
With respect to each Cooperative Loan, the Seller shall, or at its expense, the Seller shall, or shall cause the Servicer or the Subservicer to, take such actions as are necessary under applicable law in order to perfect the interest of the Trustee in the related Mortgaged Property.
Section 2.02 Acceptance of Trust Fund by Trustee: Review of Documentation for Trust Fund.
(a) The Trustee, by execution and delivery hereof, acknowledges receipt by it or by the Custodian on its behalf of the Mortgage Files pertaining to the Mortgage Loans listed on the Mortgage Loan Schedule, subject to review thereof by the Trustee, or by the Custodian on behalf of the Trustee, under this Section 2.02.
The Trustee, or the Custodian on behalf of the Trustee, shall determine whether such documents are executed and endorsed, but shall be under no duty or obligation to inspect, review or examine any such documents, instruments, certificates or other papers to determine that the same are valid, binding, legally effective, properly endorsed, genuine, enforceable or appropriate for the represented purpose or that they have actually been recorded or are in recordable form or that they are other than what they purport to be on their face.
Neither the Trustee nor the Custodian shall have any responsibility for verifying the genuineness or the legal effectiveness of or authority for any signatures of or on behalf of any party or endorser.
(c) If in the course of the review described in paragraph (b) above the Trustee or the Custodian discovers any document or documents constituting a part of a Mortgage File that is missing, does not appear regular on its face (i.e., is mutilated, damaged, defaced, torn or55
Exhibit 4.5otherwise physically altered) or appears to be unrelated to the Mortgage Loans identified in the Mortgage Loan Schedule (each, a “Material Defect”), the Trustee, or the Custodian on behalf of the Trustee, discovering such Material Defect shall promptly identify the Mortgage Loan to which such Material Defect relates in the Interim Certification delivered to the Depositor and the Master Servicer.
A loss shall be deemed to be attributable to the failure of the Seller to cure a Material Defect if, as determined by the Seller, upon mutual agreement with the Trustee each acting in good faith, absent such Material Defect, such loss would not have been incurred.
Within the two-year period following the Closing Date, the Seller may, in lieu of repurchasing a Mortgage Loan pursuant to this Section 2.02, substitute for such Mortgage Loan a Qualifying Substitute Mortgage Loan subject to the provisions of Section 2.05.
The failure of the Trustee or the Custodian to give the notice contemplated herein within 45 days after the Closing Date shall not affect or relieve the Depositor of its obligation to repurchase any Mortgage Loan pursuant to this Section 2.02 or any other Section of this Agreement requiring the repurchase of Mortgage Loans from the Trust Fund.
(e) Nothing in this Agreement shall be construed to constitute an assumption by the Trust Fund, the Trustee, the Custodian or the Certificateholders of any unsatisfied duty, claim or other liability on any Mortgage Loan or to any Mortgagor.
(f) Each of the parties hereto acknowledges that the Custodian shall perform the applicable review of the Mortgage Loans and respective certifications thereof as provided in this Section 2.02 and the Custodial Agreement.
Section 2.03 Representations and Warranties of the Depositor and the Seller.
(a) The Depositor hereby represents and warrants to the Trustee, for the benefit of Certificateholders and to the Master Servicer, the Trust Administrator and any NIMS Insurer as of the Closing Date or such other date as is specified, that:56
Exhibit 4.5             (i) This Agreement constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of the Depositor, enforceable against the Depositor in accordance with its terms, except as enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other similar laws now or hereafter in effect affecting the enforcement of creditors’ rights in general and except as such enforceability may be limited by general principles of equity (whether considered in a proceeding at law or in equity);             (ii) Immediately prior to the transfer by the Depositor to the Trust of each Mortgage Loan, the Depositor bad good and equitable title to each Mortgage Loan (insofar as such title was conveyed to it by the Seller) subject to no prior lien, claim, participation interest, mortgage, security interest, pledge, charge or other encumbrance or other interest of any nature;             (iii) As of the Closing Date, the Depositor has transferred all right, title and interest in the Mortgage Loans to the Trust;             (iv) The Depositor has not transferred the Mortgage Loans to the Trust with any intent to hinder, delay or defraud any of its creditors;             (v) The Depositor has been duly organized and is validly existing as a corporation in good standing under the laws of Delaware, with full power and authority to own its assets and conduct its business as presently being conducted; and            (b) The Seller hereby represents and warrants to the Trustee, for the benefit of Certificateholders and to the Master Servicer, the Trust Administrator, the Depositor and any NIMS Insurer as of the Closing Date or such other date as is specified, that:             (i) the Seller is a Maryland corporation, duly organized validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the State of Maryland, and has the corporate power to own its assets and to transact the business in which it is currently engaged.
The Seller is duly qualified to do business as a foreign corporation and is in good standing in each jurisdiction in which the character of the business transacted by it or any properties owned or leased by it requires such qualification and in which the failure so to qualify would have a material adverse effect on the business, properties, assets, or condition (financial or other) of the Seller;             (ii) the Seller has the corporate power and authority to make, execute, deliver and perform this Agreement and all of the transactions contemplated under the Agreement, and has taken all necessary corporate action to authorize the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement.
When executed and delivered, this Agreement will constitute the legal, valid and binding obligation of the Seller enforceable in accordance with its terms, except as enforcement of such terms may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency or similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors’ rights generally and by the availability of equitable remedies;             (iii) the Seller is not required to obtain the consent of any other party or any consent, license, approval or authorization from, or registration or declaration with, any governmental authority, bureau or agency in connection with the execution, delivery,57
Exhibit 4.5   performance, validity or enforceability of this Agreement, except for such consent, license, approval or authorization, or registration or declaration, as shall have been obtained or filed, as the case may be, prior to the Closing Date;             (iv) the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement by the Seller will not violate any provision of any existing law or regulation or any order or decree of any court applicable to the Seller or any provision of the articles of association or bylaws of the Seller, or constitute a material breach of any mortgage, indenture, contract or other agreement to which the Seller is a party or by which the Seller may be bound; and             (v) no litigation or administrative proceeding of or before any court, tribunal or governmental body is currently pending, or to the knowledge of the Seller threatened, against the Seller or any of its properties or with respect to this Agreement which in the opinion of the Seller has a reasonable likelihood of resulting in a material adverse effect on the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.
(c) The Seller hereby represents and warrants to the Trustee, for the benefit of Certificateholders and to the Master Servicer, the Trust Administrator, the Depositor and any NIMS Insurer as of the Closing Date or such other date as is specified, with respect to the Mortgage Loans, that:             (i) the information set forth in the Mortgage Loan Schedule relating to the Mortgage Loans is true and correct in all material respects as of the related Cut-off Date;             (ii) as of the Closing Date, the Mortgage File relating to each Mortgage Loan contains each of the documents and instruments specified to be included therein;             (iii) each Mortgaged Property is improved by a one- to four-family single family residential dwelling.
No Mortgaged Property is a mobile home.
No Mortgaged Property securing any Mortgage Loans is a manufactured home;             (iv) each Mortgage Loan is a closed-end mortgage loan and all amounts due under the related Mortgage Note have been advanced.
Each Mortgage Loan has an original term to maturity from the date on which the first Scheduled Payment is due of not more than 30 years.
Exhibit 4.5   located pursuant to insurance policies conforming to the requirements of the guidelines of FNMA or FHLMC.
If upon origination of the Mortgage Loan, the Mortgaged Property was in an area identified in the Federal Register by the Federal Emergency Management Agency as having special flood hazards (and such flood insurance has been made available) a flood insurance policy meeting the requirements of the current guidelines of the Federal Flood Insurance Administration is in effect which policy conforms to the requirements of the current guidelines of the Federal Flood Insurance Administration.
Each Mortgage obligates the related Mortgagor thereunder to maintain the hazard insurance policy at the Mortgagor’s cost and expense, and on the Mortgagor’s failure to do so, authorizes the holder of the Mortgage to obtain and maintain such insurance at such Mortgagor’s cost and expense, and to seek reimbursement therefor from the Mortgagor.
Where required by state law or regulation, each Mortgagor has been given an opportunity to choose the carrier of the required hazard insurance; provided the policy is not a “master” or “blanket” hazard insurance policy covering the common facilities of a planned unit development.
The lien of the Mortgage is subject only to: (1) liens of current real property taxes and assessments not yet due and payable and, if the related Mortgaged Property is a condominium unit, any lien for common charges permitted by statute, (2) covenants, conditions and restrictions, rights of way, easements and other matters of public record as of the date of recording of such Mortgage acceptable to mortgage lending institutions in the area in which the related Mortgaged Property is located and specifically referred to in the lender’s Title Insurance Policy or attorney’s opinion of title and abstract of title delivered to the originator of such Mortgage Loan, and (3) such other matters to which like properties are commonly subject which do not, individually or in the aggregate, materially interfere with the benefits of the security intended to be provided by the Mortgage [and in the case of any second lien Mortgage Loans, the related First Lien].
Any security agreement, chattel mortgage or equivalent document related to, and delivered to the Trustee in connection with, a Mortgage Loan establishes a valid, subsisting and enforceable first lien[ or in the case of a second lien Mortgage Loan], a second lien, on the property described therein and the Purchaser has full right to sell and assign the same to the Trustee;59
Exhibit 4.5             (ix) except with respect to liens released immediately prior to the transfer herein contemplated, each Mortgage Note and related Mortgage have not been assigned or pledged and immediately prior to the transfer and assignment herein contemplated, the Seller was the sole owner and holder of, each Mortgage Loan subject to no liens, charges, mortgages, claims, participation interests, equities, pledges or security interests of any nature, encumbrances or rights of others (collectively, a “Lien”); the Seller has full right and authority under all governmental and regulatory bodies having jurisdiction over the Seller, subject to no interest or participation of, or agreement with, any party, to sell and assign the same pursuant to this Agreement; and immediately upon the transfer and assignment herein contemplated, the Seller shall have transferred all of its right, title and interest in and to each Mortgage Loan to the Purchaser (or its assignee);             (x) no Mortgage Loan was more than one calendar month delinquent as of the Cut-off Date; the Seller has not advanced funds to, or induced, solicited or knowingly received any advance of funds from a party other than the owner of the Mortgaged Property subject to the Mortgage, directly or indirectly, for the payment of any amount required by the Mortgage Loan;             (xi) there is no delinquent tax, fee or assessment lien on any Mortgaged Property, and each Mortgaged Property is free of material damage and is in good repair;             (xii) no Mortgage Loan is subject to any right of rescission, set-off, counterclaim or defense, including the defense of usury, nor will the operation of any of the terms of any Mortgage Note or Mortgage, or the exercise of any right thereunder, render either the Mortgage Note or the Mortgage unenforceable in whole or in part, or subject to any right of rescission, set-off, counterclaim or defense, including the defense of usury, and no such right of rescission, set-off, counterclaim or defense has been asserted with respect thereto;             (xiii) none of the Mortgage Loans are retail installment contracts for goods or services or are home improvement loans for goods or services, which would be either “consumer credit contracts” or “purchase money loans” as such terms are defined in 16 C.F.R.
§ 433.1;             (xiv) no Mortgagor has or will have a claim or defense against the Seller or any assignor or assignee of the Seller under any express or implied warranty with respect to goods or services provided in connection with any Mortgage Loan;             (xv) the Mortgage, the Mortgage Note and the other Related Documents contain the entire agreement of the parties and all obligations of the Seller under the related Mortgage Loan, and no other agreement defines, modifies or expands the obligations of the Seller under the Mortgage Loan;             (xvi) there is no mechanics’ lien or claim for work, labor or material affecting any Mortgaged Property which is or may be a lien prior to, or equal or coordinate with, the lien of the related Mortgage, and no rights are outstanding that under law could give60
Exhibit 4.5   rise to such a lien except those which are insured against by the title insurance policy referred to in Section 3.2(xix) below;             (xvii) each Mortgage Loan at the time it was made complied with, and each Mortgage Loan at all times was serviced in compliance with, in each case, in all material respects, applicable local, state and federal laws and regulations, including, without limitation, usury, equal credit opportunity, consumer credit, truth-in-lending and disclosure laws and predatory and abusive lending laws;             (xviii) with respect to each Mortgage Loan, either (a) a lender’s title insurance policy, issued in standard American Land Title Association or California Land Title Association form, or other form acceptable in a particular jurisdiction, by a title insurance company authorized to transact business in the state in which the related Mortgaged Property is situated in an amount at least equal to the original principal balance of such Mortgage Loan insuring the mortgagee’s interest under the related Mortgage Loan as the holder of a valid first [or second mortgage] lien of record on the real property described in the Mortgage, subject only to the exceptions of the character referred to in Section 3.2(ix) above, was valid and in full force and effect on the date of the origination of such Mortgage Loan and as of the Closing Date or (b) an attorney’s opinion of title was prepared in connection with the origination of such Mortgage Loan;             (xix) the improvements upon each Mortgaged Property are covered by a valid and existing hazard insurance policy with a generally acceptable carrier that provides for fire and extended coverage representing coverage described in Section 9.15 of this Agreement;             (xx) a flood insurance policy is in effect with respect to each Mortgaged Property with a generally acceptable carrier in an amount representing coverage described in Sections 9.15 of this Agreement, if and to the extent required by Section 9.15 of this Agreement;             (xxi) each Mortgage Note and the related Mortgage are genuine, and each Mortgage and Mortgage Note is the legal, valid and binding obligation of the related Mortgagor and is enforceable in accordance with its terms, except only as such enforcement may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors’ rights generally and by general principles of equity (whether considered in a proceeding or action in equity or at law), and all parties to each Mortgage Loan and the Mortgagee had full legal capacity to execute all Mortgage Loan documents and to convey the estate therein purported to be conveyed.
The Mortgagor is a natural person who is a party to the Mortgage Note and the Mortgage in an individual capacity, and not in the capacity of a trustee or otherwise;             (xxii) no more than [     ]% of the Mortgage Loans (by the Cut-off Date Balance) are secured by Mortgaged Properties located within any single zip code area;             (xxiii) the terms of the Mortgage Note and the Mortgage have not been impaired, altered or modified in any material respect, except by a written instrument61
Exhibit 4.5   included in the related Mortgage File which has been recorded or is in the process of being recorded, if necessary to protect the interests of the Noteholders and which has been or will be delivered to the Trustee.
The substance of any such alteration or modification is reflected on the related Mortgage Loan Schedule and was approved, if required, by the related primary mortgage guaranty insurer, if any.
Each original Mortgage was recorded, and all subsequent assignments of the original Mortgage have been recorded in the appropriate jurisdictions wherein such recordation is necessary to perfect the lien thereof as against creditors of the Seller, or, except as provided in Section 2.2 hereof, are in the process of being recorded;             (xxiv) except as provided in subclause (x) above, there are no defaults in complying with the terms of the Mortgage, and any taxes, governmental assessments, insurance premiums, water, sewer and municipal charges or ground rents which previously became due and owing have been paid.
The Seller has not advanced funds, or induced, solicited or knowingly received any advance of funds by a party other than the Mortgagor, directly or indirectly, for the payment of any amount required by the Mortgage Note, except for interest accruing from the date of the Mortgage Note or date of disbursement of the Mortgage proceeds, whichever is later, to the day which precedes by one month the Due Date of the first installment of principal and interest;             (xxv) there is no proceeding pending or, to the Seller’s knowledge, threatened for the total or partial condemnation of any Mortgaged Property, nor is such a proceeding currently occurring, and such property is undamaged by waste, fire, earthquake or earth movement, windstorm, flood, tornado or other casualty, so as to affect adversely the value of the Mortgaged Property as security for the Mortgage Loan or the use for which the premises were intended;             (xxvi) all of the improvements which were included for the purpose of determining the appraised value of the Mortgaged Property lie wholly within the boundaries and building restriction lines of such property, and no improvements on adjoining properties encroach upon the Mortgaged Property;             (xxvii) no improvement located on or being part of the Mortgaged Property is in violation of any applicable zoning law or regulation.
All inspections, licenses and certificates required to be made or issued with respect to all occupied portions of the Mortgaged Property and, with respect to the use and occupancy of the same, including but not limited to certificates of occupancy and fire underwriting certificates, have been made or obtained from the appropriate authorities and the Mortgaged Property is lawfully occupied under applicable law;             (xxviii) the proceeds of each Mortgage Loan have been fully disbursed, and there is no obligation on the part of the mortgagee to make future advances thereunder.
Any and all requirements as to completion of any on-site or off site improvements and as to disbursements of any escrow funds therefor have been complied with.
All costs, fees and expenses incurred in making or closing or recording the Mortgage Loans were paid;62
Exhibit 4.5             (xxix) each Mortgage Note is not and has not been secured by any collateral, pledged account or other security except the lien of the corresponding Mortgage and, in certain circumstances, additional real estate collateral;             (xxx) no Mortgage Loan is subject to the Home Ownership and Equity Protection Act of 1994;             (xxxi) there is no obligation on the part of the Seller or any other party to make payments in respect of a Mortgage Loan, in addition to those made by the Mortgagor;             (xxxii) with respect to each Mortgage constituting a deed of trust, a trustee, duly qualified under applicable law to serve as such, has been properly designated and currently so serves and is named in such Mortgage, and no fees or expenses are or will become payable by the Noteholders to the trustee under the deed of trust, except in connection with a trustee’s sale after default by the Mortgagor;             (xxxiii) no Mortgage Loan contains (i) provisions pursuant to which Scheduled Payments are (A) paid or partially paid with funds deposited in any separate account established by the Seller, the Mortgagor, or anyone on behalf of the Mortgagor or (B) paid by any source other than the Mortgagor or (ii) contains any other similar provisions which may constitute a “buydown” provision.
No Mortgage Loan has a shared appreciation feature, or other contingent interest feature;             (xxxiv) [the related First Lien, if any, requires equal monthly payments, unless such First Lien is a Balloon Mortgage Loan, or if it bears an adjustable interest rate, the monthly payments for the related First Lien may be adjusted no more frequently than monthly;             (xxxv) either (a) no consent for the origination of a Mortgage Loan in a second priority lien position is required by the holder of the related First Lien or (b) such consent has been obtained and is contained in the Mortgage File;             (xxxvi) with respect to any First Lien that provides for negative amortization or deferred interest, the balance of such First Lien used to calculate the Combined Loan-to-Value Ratio for the Mortgage Loan is based on the maximum amount of negative amortization possible under such First Lien.
With respect to any First Lien which is an open-ended loan, the Combined Loan-to-Value Ratio was calculated based on the maximum amount of principal which the borrower may incur thereunder;             (xxxvii) the maturity date of the Mortgage Loan is prior to the maturity date of the related First Lien, if any, if such First Lien provides for a balloon payment.
No Mortgage Loan provides for negative amortization;]             (xxxviii) all parties which have had any interest in the Mortgage Loan, whether as originator, mortgagee, assignee, pledgee, servicer or otherwise, are (or, during the period in which they held and disposed of such interest, were) (a) in compliance with any and all applicable licensing requirements of the laws of the state wherein the Mortgaged Property is located, and (b)(l) organized under the laws of such state, or (2) qualified to63
Exhibit 4.5   do business in such state, or (3) federal savings and loan associations or national banks having principal offices in such state, or (4) not doing business in such state so as to require qualification or licensing;             (xxxix) the Mortgage contains a customary provision for the acceleration of the payment of the unpaid principal balance of the Mortgage Loan in the event the related security for the Mortgage Loan is sold without the prior consent of the mortgagee thereunder;             (xl) any future advances made prior to the Cut-off Date have been consolidated with the outstanding principal amount secured by the Mortgage, and the secured principal amount, as consolidated, bears a single interest rate and single repayment term reflected on the related Mortgage Loan Schedule.
The consolidated principal amount does not exceed the original principal amount of the Mortgage Loan.
The Mortgage Note does not permit or obligate the Seller to make future advances to the Mortgagor at the option of the Mortgagor;             (xli) the Mortgage contains customary and enforceable provisions which render the rights and remedies of the holder thereof adequate for the realization against the Mortgaged Property of the benefits of the security, including, (a) in the case of a Mortgage designated as a deed of trust, by trustee’s sale, and (b) otherwise by judicial or non-judicial foreclosure.
Since the date of origination of the Mortgage Loan, the Mortgaged Property has not been subject to any bankruptcy proceeding or foreclosure proceeding and the Mortgagor has not filed for protection under applicable bankruptcy laws.
To the best of Seller’s knowledge, there is no homestead or other exemption available to the Mortgagor, which would interfere with the right to sell the Mortgaged Property at a trustee’s sale or the right to foreclose the Mortgage.
The Mortgagor has not notified the Seller and neither the Seller nor the Servicer has any knowledge of any relief requested or allowed to the Mortgagor under the Civil Relief Act;             (xlii) except as provided in subclause (x), there is no default, breach, violation or event of acceleration existing under any Mortgage or the related Mortgage Note and no event which, with the passage of time or with notice and the expiration of any grace or cure period, would constitute a default, breach, violation or event of acceleration; and the Seller has not waived any default, breach, violation or event of acceleration;             (xliii) all parties to the Mortgage Note and the Mortgage had legal capacity to execute the Mortgage Note and the Mortgage and each Mortgage Note and Mortgage have been duly and properly executed by such parties;             (xliv) all amounts received after the Cut-off Date with respect to the Mortgage Loans to which the Seller is not entitled will be deposited into the Collection Account as of the Closing Date;             (xlv) all of the Mortgage Loans were originated in accordance with the underwriting criteria set forth in the Prospectus Supplement; At least [     ]% and [         ]% of the Mortgage Loans in Loan Group 1 and Loan Group 2, respectively (by64
Exhibit 4.5   Cut-off Date Loan Group Principal Balance), were originated pursuant to one of the Seller’s full documentation origination programs; no more than [     ]% and [     ]% of the Mortgage Loans in Loan Group 1 and Loan Group 2, respectively (by Cut-off Date Loan Group Principal Balance), were originated pursuant to one of the Seller’s stated documentation origination programs; and no more than [     ]% and [     ]% of the Mortgage Loans in Loan Group 1 and Loan Group 2, respectively (by Cut-off Date Loan Group Principal Balance), were originated pursuant to one of the Seller’s six-month bank statement programs;             (xlvi) each Mortgage Loan conforms, and all such Mortgage Loans in the aggregate conform, to the description thereof set forth in the Prospectus Supplement; each Mortgage Note and Mortgage is in substantially the form approved by FNMA or FHLMC or one of the forms attached as an exhibit to the Trust Agreement;             (xlvii) the Mortgage Loans were not selected by the Seller for inclusion in the Trust on any basis intended to adversely affect the Trust;             (xlviii) all appraisals were performed by qualified independent appraisers after analysis of other sales of properties in the area in which the related Mortgaged Property is located, and a full interior inspection appraisal was performed on forms acceptable to either FNMA or FHLMC in connection with each Mortgaged Property;             (xlix) each hazard insurance policy required to be maintained under Section 9.15 of this Agreement with respect to the Mortgage Loan is a valid, binding, enforceable and subsisting insurance policy of its respective kind and is in full force and effect;             (l) each Mortgage Loan was (i) originated by the Seller or an affiliate of the Seller, or by a savings and loan association, a savings bank, a commercial bank or similar banking institution which is supervised and examined by a federal or state authority, or by a mortgagee approved as such by the Secretary of HUD or (ii) acquired by the Seller directly through loan brokers or correspondents such that (a) the Mortgage Loan was originated in conformity with the Seller’s underwriting guidelines, (b) the Seller approved the Mortgage Loan prior to funding and (c) the Seller provided the funds used to originate the Mortgage Loan and acquired the Mortgage Loan on the date of origination thereof;             (li) the Mortgage File contains an appraisal of the related Mortgaged Property signed prior to the approval of the Mortgage Loan application by a qualified appraiser, duly appointed by the originator of the Mortgage Loan, who had no interest, direct or indirect in the Mortgaged Property or in any loan made on the security thereof, and whose compensation is not affected by the approval or disapproval of the Mortgage Loan and who met the minimum qualifications of Fannie Mae or Freddie Mac;             (lii) in the event the Mortgage constitutes a deed of trust, a trustee, duly qualified under applicable law to serve as such, has been properly designated and currently so serves and is named in the Mortgage, and no fees or expenses are or will65
Exhibit 4.5   become payable by the Purchaser to the trustee under the deed of trust, except, in connection with a trustee’s sale after default by the Mortgagor;             (liii) each Mortgaged Property is located in the state identified on the related Mortgage Loan Schedule and consists of a single parcel of real property with a one-family residence erected thereon, or an attached or detached or semi-detached two- to four-family dwelling, or an individual condominium unit, or an individual unit in a planned unit development.
With respect to each Cut-off Date Loan Group Principal Balance (a) no more than [         ]% and [         ]% of the Mortgage Loans in Loan Group 1 and Loan Group 2, respectively (by Cut-off Date Loan Group Principal Balance), are secured by real property improved by two- to four-family or multifamily dwellings.
No Mortgaged Property is held under a ground lease;             (liv) no Mortgage Loan had a Combined Loan-to-Value Ratio at the time of origination of more than 100%;             (lv) no more than [          ]% and [          ]% of the Mortgage Loans in Loan Group 1 and Loan Group 2, respectively (by Cut-off Date Loan Group Principal Balance), are secured by Mortgaged Properties that are investment properties;             (lvi) the Mortgage Note is not and has not been secured by any collateral, pledged account or other security except the lien of the corresponding Mortgage and the security interest of any applicable security agreement or chattel mortgage referred to in Section 3.1 (viii);             (lvii) each Mortgage Loan was originated on or after [          ];             (lviii) the Seller has not transferred the Mortgage Loans to the Purchaser with any intent to hinder, delay or defraud any of the Seller’s creditors;             (lix) to the best of the Seller’s knowledge, no improvement located on or being part of the related Mortgaged Property is in violation of any applicable zoning law or regulation and all inspections, licenses and certificates required to be made or issued with respect to all occupied portions of the related Mortgaged Property and, with respect to the use and occupancy of the same, including but not limited to certificates of occupancy, have been made or obtained from the appropriate authorities and such Mortgaged Property is lawfully occupied under applicable law;             (lx) for purposes of the REMIC Provisions, each Mortgage Loan is an obligation which satisfies the test set forth below in either clause (a) or clause (b):               (A) the fair market value, as reduced by the amount of any lien on such property that is senior to the lien securing such property and further reduced by the proportionate amount of any lien in parity with such obligation, of the interest in real property securing the obligation was at least equal to 80% of the adjusted issue price of the obligation at the time the obligation was originated or is at least equal to 80% of the adjusted issue price of the obligation at the time the obligation is contributed to the REMIC, or66
Exhibit 4.5               (B) substantially all of the proceeds of the obligation were used to acquire or to improve or protect an interest in real property that, at the origination date, is the only security for the obligation;             (lxi) [Reserved];             (lxii) there do not exist any circumstances or conditions with respect to the Mortgage Loan, the Mortgaged Property, the Mortgagor or the Mortgagor’s credit standing that can be reasonably expected to materially adversely affect the value or marketability of the Mortgage Loan;             (lxiii) each of the documents and instruments included in a Mortgage File is duly executed and in due and proper form and each such document or instrument is in a form generally acceptable to prudent institutional mortgage lenders that regularly originate or purchase mortgage loans.
The Mortgage or an assignment of mortgage has been recorded in the name of MERS, as nominee for the holder from time to time of the related Mortgage Note;             (lxiv) no Mortgage Loan is a construction loan;             (lxv) the Seller is in possession of a complete Mortgage File, except those documents delivered as directed by the Purchaser, and there are no custodial agreements in effect adversely affecting the right or ability of the Seller to make the document deliveries required hereby;             (lxvi) no Mortgaged Property was, as of the Closing Date, located within a one-mile radius of any site listed in the National Priorities List as defined under the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act of 1980, as amended, or on any similar state list of hazardous waste sites which are known to contain any hazardous substance or hazardous waste;             (lxvii) to the best of the Seller’s knowledge, the Mortgaged Property is lawfully occupied under applicable law and all inspections, licenses and certificates required to be made or issued with respect to all occupied portions of the related Mortgaged Property and, with respect to the use and occupancy of the same, including but not limited to certificates of occupancy, had been made or obtained from the appropriate authorities;             (lxviii) the Seller has no knowledge of any toxic or hazardous substances affecting the Mortgaged Property or any violation of any local, state, or federal environmental law, rule, or regulation.
The Seller has no knowledge of any pending action or proceeding directly involving any Mortgaged Property in which compliance with any environmental law, rule, or regulation is an issue;             (lxix) none of the Mortgage Loans is subject to a bankruptcy plan;             (lxx) the collection practices used by the Seller with respect to the Mortgage Loans have been, in all material respects, legal, proper, prudent and customary in the67
Exhibit 4.5   non-conforming mortgage servicing business.
The Mortgage Loans have been serviced in accordance with the terms of the Mortgage Notes and applicable law.
With respect to escrow deposits and Escrow Payments, if any, all such payments are in the possession of, or under the control with, the Seller, and there exist no deficiencies in connection therewith for which customary arrangements for repayment thereof have not been made.
No escrow deposits or Escrow Payments or other charges or payments due the Seller have been capitalized under any Mortgage or the related Mortgage Note;             (lxxi) the transfer, assignment and conveyance of the Mortgage Notes and the Mortgages by the Purchaser pursuant to this Agreement are not subject to the bulk transfer laws or any similar statutory provisions in effect in any applicable jurisdiction;             (lxxii) no Mortgage Loans which are secured in property located within the State of Georgia are “high-cost loans” as defined by the Georgia Fair Lending Act of 2002 or any other applicable predatory and abusive lending legislation;             (lxxiii) none of the Mortgage Notes that evidence or constitute the Mortgage Loans has any marks or notations indicating that they have been pledged, assigned or otherwise conveyed to any Person other than the Indenture Trustee;             (lxxiv) no Mortgage Loan is a “high-cost,” “high-cost home,” “covered,” “high-risk home” or “predatory” loan under any applicable federal, state or local predatory or abusive lending law; and no Mortgage Loan originated on or after November 27, 2003, is a “high cost” loan subject to the New Jersey Home Ownership Security Act of 2003;             (lxxv) no Mortgage Loan originated on or after January 1, 2004 is a “highcost” loan subject to the New Mexico Home Loan Protection Act;             (lxxvi) with respect to the Mortgage Loans in Loan Group 1:             (A) No Mortgage Loan was originated on or after October 1, 2002 and before March 7, 2003 which is secured by property located in the State of Georgia and no Mortgage Loan that was originated on or after March 7, 2003, which is a “high cost home loan” as defined under the Georgia Fair Lending Act;             (B) The servicer for each Mortgage Loan in Loan Group 1 has fully furnished in the past (and the Seller shall cause any applicable servicer to furnish in the future), in accordance with the Fair Credit Reporting Act and its implementing regulations, accurate and complete information (i.e., favorable and unfavorable) on its borrower credit files to Equifax, Experian and Trans Union Credit Information Company, on a monthly basis;             (C) The Cut-off Date Balance of each such Mortgage Loan in Loan Group 1 does not exceed the maximum original loan amount limitations set forth in the Freddie Mac Seller/Servicer Guide with respect to first lien, one-to-four family residential mortgage loans;68
Exhibit 4.5             (D) No Mortgage Loan in Loan Group 1 was at the time of origination subject to the Home Ownership and Equity Protection Act of 1994 (15 USC § 1602(c)), Regulation Z (12 CFR 226.32) or any comparable state law;             (E) With respect to any Mortgage Loan in Group 1 originated on or after August 1, 2004, neither the related Mortgage nor the related Mortgage Note requires the borrower to submit to arbitration to resolve any dispute arising out of or relating in any way to the Mortgage Loan transaction.
(lxxvii) the information set forth in the Prepayment Premium Schedule included as part of the Mortgage Loan Schedule (including the Prepayment Premium Summary attached thereto) is complete, true and correct in all material respects on the date or dates on which such information is furnished and each Prepayment Premium is permissible and enforceable in accordance with its terms (except to the extent that the enforceability thereof may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, moratorium, receivership and other similar laws affecting creditor’s rights generally or the collectibility thereof may be limited due to acceleration in connection with foreclosure) under applicable state law.
(lxxviii) the Mortgagor has executed a statement to the effect that the Mortgagor has received all disclosure materials required by applicable law with respect to the making of a refinanced Mortgage Loan, and evidence of such receipt is and will remain in the Mortgage File;             (lxxix) to the best of the Seller’s knowledge, no error, omission, misrepresentation, negligence, fraud or similar occurrence with respect to a Mortgage Loan has taken place on the part of any person, including, without limitation, the Mortgagor, any appraiser, any builder or developer, or any other party involved in the origination of the Mortgage Loan or in the application of any insurance in relation to such Mortgage Loan;             (lxxx) no Mortgage Loan has a balloon payment feature;             (lxxxi) to the best of the Seller’s knowledge, no statement, report or other document constituting a part of the Mortgage File contains any material untrue statement of fact or omits to state a fact necessary to make the statements contained therein not misleading which would, either individually or in the aggregate, have a material adverse effect on the value of the Mortgage Loans;             (lxxxii) no proceeds from any Mortgage Loan were used to finance single-premium credit insurance policies;             (lxxxiii) the Seller has no specific information that provides Seller any reason to believe that any borrower will default under a Mortgage Loan, or that foreclosure proceedings will be commenced with respect to any such Mortgage Loan, within the six months immediately following the Closing Date;             (lxxxiv) no Mortgage Loan imposes a Prepayment Premium for a term in excess of three years;69
Exhibit 4.5             (lxxxv) all Mortgage Loans were originated in compliance with all applicable laws, including, but not limited to, all applicable anti-predatory lending laws;             (lxxxvi) no Mortgage Loan is a “High Cost Loan” or “Covered Loan”, as applicable (as such terms are defined in the then current Standard & Poor’s LEVELS Glossary, Appendix E) and no Mortgage Loan originated on or after October 1, 2002 through March 6, 2003 is governed by the Georgia Fair Lending Act;             (lxxxvii) no Mortgage Loan is either (a) a “high-cost home” loan as defined in the New Jersey Home Ownership Act effective November 27, 2003 (“NJHOA”) or (b) a “high cost” loan as defined in the New Mexico Home Loan Protection Act effective January 1, 2003 (“NMHLPA”), and that based on its review of the NJHOA and the NMHLPA, the Mortgage Loans will qualify under the safe harbor provisions of the NJHOA and the NMHLPA; and             (lxxxviii) No Mortgage Loan that is secured by property located in Illinois is in violation of the provisions of the Illinois Interest Act (815 Ill. Comp.
Stat.
205/1 et seq.).
(d) To the extent that any fact, condition or event with respect to a Mortgage Loan constitutes a breach of a representation or warranty of the Seller under the Mortgage Loan Purchase Agreement, the only right or remedy of the Trustee, any Certificateholder or any NIMS Insurer hereunder shall be their rights to enforce the obligations of the Seller under any applicable representation or warranty made by it.
The Trustee acknowledges that the Depositor shall have no obligation or liability with respect to any breach of any representation or warranty with respect to the Mortgage Loans (except as set forth in Section 2.03(a)(vi)) under any circumstances.
Section 2.04 Discovery of Breach.
It is understood and agreed that the representations and warranties (i) of the Depositor set forth in Section 2.03, (ii) of the Seller set forth in Section 2.03 and (iii) of the Servicer and the Subservicer assigned by the Seller to the Depositor pursuant to the Mortgage Loan Purchase Agreement and to the Trustee pursuant to the Servicing Agreement, shall each survive delivery of the Mortgage Files and the Assignment of Mortgage of each Mortgage Loan to the Trustee and shall continue throughout the term of this Agreement.
With respect to the representations and warranties which are made to the best of the Seller’s knowledge, if it is discovered by the Depositor, the Seller, the Trust Administrator, the Trustee, the Master Servicer, the Servicer or the Subservicer that the substance of such representation and warranty is inaccurate and such inaccuracy materially and adversely affects the value of the Mortgage Loans or the interests of the Certificateholders or the Trustee therein, notwithstanding such Seller’s lack of knowledge with respect to the substance of such representation or warranty, remedies for breach will apply to such inaccuracy.
Any breach of the representation and warranty set forth in clauses (xxi), (xxxiv), (lxxii), (lxxiv), (lxxv), (lxxvi), (lxxxv), (lxxxvi), (lxxxvii) and (lxxxviii) of Section 3.2 of the Mortgage Loan Purchase Agreement shall be deemed to materially and adversely affect the interest of the Trust in that Mortgage Loan, notwithstanding the Seller’s lack of knowledge with respect to the substance of such representation and warranty.
Upon discovery by any of the Depositor, the Master Servicer, the Trust Administrator or the Trustee of a breach of any of such70
Exhibit 4.5representations and warranties made by the Seller that adversely and materially affects the value of the related Mortgage Loan, the party discovering such breach shall give prompt written notice to the other parties.
(a) With respect to any Mortgage Loan repurchased by the Seller pursuant to this Agreement, the principal portion of the funds received by the Trust Administrator in respect of such repurchase of a Mortgage Loan will be considered a Principal Prepayment and the Purchase Price shall be deposited in the Collection Account or the Custodial Account, as applicable.
The Seller indemnifies and holds the Trust Fund, the Master Servicer, the Trust Administrator, the Trustee, the Depositor, and NIMS Insurer and each Certificateholder harmless against any and all taxes, claims, losses, penalties, fines, forfeitures, reasonable legal fees and related costs, judgments, and any other costs, fees and expenses that the Trust Fund, the Trustee, the Master Servicer, the Trust Administrator, the Depositor, any NIMS Insurer and any Certificateholder may sustain in connection with any actions of such Seller relating to a repurchase of a Mortgage Loan other than in compliance with the terms of this Section 2.05 and the Mortgage Loan Purchase Agreement, to the extent that any such action causes an Adverse REMIC Event.
Exhibit 4.5any Qualifying Substitute Mortgage Loan hereunder, the Trustee, at the expense of the Seller and at the direction and with the cooperation of the Servicer or the Subservicer, shall (i) with respect to a Qualifying Substitute Mortgage Loan that is a Non-MERS Mortgage Loan, cause the Assignment of Mortgage to be recorded by the Servicer or the Subservicer if required pursuant to Section 2.01(c), or (ii) with respect to a Qualifying Substitute Mortgage Loan that is a MERS Mortgage Loan, cause to be taken such actions as are necessary to cause the Trustee to be clearly identified as the owner of each such Mortgage Loan on the records of MERS if required pursuant to Section 2.01(c).
(c) Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, the right to substitute Mortgage Loans pursuant to this Article II shall be subject to the additional limitations that no substitution of a Qualifying Substitute Mortgage Loan for a Deleted Mortgage Loan shall be made unless the Trustee and any NIMS Insurer has received an Opinion of Counsel addressed to the Trustee (at the expense of the party seeking to make the substitution) that, under current law, such substitution will not cause an Adverse REMIC Event.
Section 2.06 Grant Clause.
(a) It is intended that the conveyance of the Depositor’s right, title and interest in and to property constituting the Trust Fund pursuant to this Agreement shall constitute, and shall be construed as, a sale of such property and not a grant of a security interest to secure a loan.
However, if such conveyance is deemed to be in respect of a loan, it is intended that: (1) the rights and obligations of the parties shall be established pursuant to the terms of this Agreement; (2) the Depositor hereby grants to the Trustee for the benefit of the Holders of the Certificates a first priority security interest to secure repayment of an obligation in an amount equal to the aggregate Class Principal Amount of the Certificates in all of the Depositor’s right, title and interest in, to and under, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, the Trust Fund and all proceeds of any and all property constituting the Trust Fund to secure payment of the Certificates; and (3) this Agreement shall constitute a security agreement under applicable law.
If such conveyance is deemed to be in respect of a loan and the trust created by this Agreement terminates prior to the satisfaction of the claims of any Person holding any Certificate, the security interest created hereby shall continue in full force and effect and the Trustee shall be deemed to be the collateral agent for the benefit of such Person, and all proceeds shall be distributed as herein provided.
(b) The Depositor shall, to the extent consistent with this Agreement, take such reasonable actions as may be necessary to ensure that, if this Agreement were deemed to create a security interest in the Mortgage Loans and the other property described above, such security interest would be deemed to be a perfected security interest of first priority under applicable law and shall be maintained as such throughout the term of this Agreement.
Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Depositor shall prepare and forward for filing, or shall cause to be forwarded for filing, at the expense of the Depositor, all filings necessary to maintain the effectiveness of any original filings necessary under the relevant UCC to perfect the Trustee’s security interest in or lien on the Mortgage Loans, including without limitation (x) continuation statements, and (y) such other statements as may be occasioned by (1) any change of name of the Seller, the Depositor or the72
Exhibit 4.5Trustee, (2) any change of location of the jurisdiction of organization of the Seller or the Depositor, (3) any transfer of any interest of the Seller or the Depositor in any Mortgage Loan or (4) any change under the relevant UCC or other applicable laws.
Neither the Seller nor the Depositor shall organize under the law of any jurisdiction other than the State under which each is organized as of the Closing Date (whether changing its jurisdiction of organization or organizing under an additional jurisdiction) without giving 30 days prior written notice of such action to its immediate and intermediate transferee, including the Trustee.
Before effecting such change, the Seller or the Depositor proposing to change its jurisdiction of organization shall prepare and file in the appropriate filing office any financing statements or other statements necessary to continue the perfection of the interests of its immediate and mediate transferees, including the Trustee, in the Mortgage Loans.
In connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, each of the Seller and the Depositor authorizes its immediate or mediate transferee to file in any filing office any initial financing statements, any amendments to financing statements, any continuation statements, or any other statements or filings described in this paragraph (b).ARTICLE IIITHE CERTIFICATES          Section 3.01 The Certificates.
(a) The Certificates shall be issuable in registered form only and shall be securities governed by Article 8 of the New York Uniform Commercial Code.
The Book-Entry Certificates will be evidenced by one or more certificates, beneficial ownership of which will be held in the dollar denominations in Certificate Principal Amount, or Notional Principal Amount, as applicable, or in the Percentage Interests, specified herein.
Each Certificate shall, on original issue, be authenticated by the Trust Administrator upon the order of the Depositor upon receipt by the Trustee of the Mortgage Files described in Section 2.01.
No Certificate shall be entitled to any benefit under this Agreement, or be valid for any purpose, unless there appears on such Certificate a certificate of authentication substantially in the form provided for herein, executed by an authorized officer of the Trust Administrator or the Authenticating Agent, if any, by manual signature, and such certification upon any Certificate shall be conclusive evidence, and the only evidence, that such Certificate has been duly authenticated and delivered hereunder.
Section 3.02 Registration.
The Trust Administrator is hereby appointed, and hereby accepts its appointment as, Certificate Registrar in respect of the Certificates and shall maintain books for the registration and for the transfer of Certificates (the “Certificate Register”).
A registration book shall be maintained for the Certificates collectively.
The Certificate Registrar may resign or be discharged or removed and a new successor may be appointed in accordance with the procedures and requirements set forth in Sections 6.06 and 6.07 hereof with respect to the resignation, discharge or removal of the Trust Administrator and the appointment of a successor Trust Administrator.
No service charge shall be made to a Certificateholder for any registration of transfer of Certificates, but the Certificate Registrar may require payment of a sum sufficient to cover any tax or governmental charge that may be imposed in connection with any registration of transfer of Certificates.
Certificates delivered upon any such exchange will evidence the same obligations, and will be entitled to the same rights and privileges, as the Certificates surrendered.
No service charge shall be made to a Certificateholder for any exchange of Certificates, but the Certificate Registrar may require payment of a sum sufficient to cover any tax or governmental charge that may be imposed in connection with any exchange of Certificates.
(c) By acceptance of a Restricted Certificate, whether upon original issuance or subsequent transfer, each Holder of such a Certificate acknowledges the restrictions on the transfer of such Certificate set forth thereon and agrees that it will transfer such a Certificate only as provided herein.
(d) No transfer of an ERISA-Restricted Certificate in the form of a Definitive Certificate shall be made to any Person unless the Trust Administrator has received (A) a certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit H hereto (or Exhibit D-1, in the case of a Residual Certificate) from such transferee or (B) an Opinion of Counsel satisfactory to the Trust Administrator, to the effect that the purchase and holding of such a Certificate will not constitute or result in prohibited transactions under Title I of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code and will not subject the Trustee, the Master Servicer, the Trust Administrator, the NIMS Insurer or the Depositor to any obligation in addition to those undertaken in the Agreement; provided, however, that the Trust Administrator will not require such certificate or opinion in the event that, as a result of a change of law or otherwise, counsel satisfactory to the Trust Administrator, has rendered an opinion to the effect that the purchase and holding of an ERISA-Restricted Certificate by a Plan or a Person that is purchasing or holding such a Certificate with the assets of a Plan will not constitute or result in a prohibited transaction under Title I of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code.
Each Transferee of an ERISA-Restricted Certificate that is a Book-Entry Certificate shall be deemed to have made the representations set forth in Exhibit H. The preparation and delivery of the certificate and opinions referred to above shall not be an expense of the Trust Fund, the Trustee, the Master Servicer, the Trust Administrator, any NIMS Insurer or the Depositor.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, no opinion or certificate shall be required for the initial issuance of the ERISA-Restricted Certificates.
The Trust Administrator shall have no obligation to monitor transfers of Book-Entry Certificates that are ERISA-Restricted Certificates and shall75
Exhibit 4.5have no liability for transfers of such Certificates in violation of the transfer restrictions.
The Trust Administrator shall be under no liability to any Person for any registration of transfer of any ERISA-Restricted Certificate that is in fact not permitted by this Section 3.03(d) or for making any payments due on such Certificate to the Holder thereof or taking any other action with respect to such Holder under the provisions of this Agreement so long as the transfer was registered by the Trust Administrator in accordance with the foregoing requirements.
The Trustee and the Trust Administrator shall be entitled, but not obligated, to recover from any Holder of any ERISA-Restricted Certificate that was in fact a Plan or a Person acting on behalf of any such Plan any payments made on such ERISA-Restricted Certificate at and after either such time.
(e) As a condition of the registration of transfer or exchange of any Certificate, the Certificate Registrar may require the certified taxpayer identification number of the owner of the Certificate and the payment of a sum sufficient to cover any tax or other governmental charge imposed in connection therewith; provided, however, that the Certificate Registrar shall have no obligation to require such payment or to determine whether or not any such tax or charge may be applicable.
No service charge shall be made to the Certificateholder for any registration, transfer or exchange of a Certificate.
(f) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, no Residual Certificate may be owned, pledged or transferred, directly or indirectly, by or to (i) a Disqualified Organization or (ii) an individual, corporation or partnership or other person unless such person is (A) not a Non-U.S.
Person or (B) is a Non-U.S.
Person that holds a Residual Certificate in connection with the conduct of a trade or business within the United States and has furnished the transferor and the Trust Administrator with an effective Internal Revenue Service W-8ECI or successor form at the time and in the manner required by the Code (any such person who is not covered by clause (A) or (B) above is referred to herein as a “Non-permitted Foreign Holder”).
In addition, the Trust Administrator may (but shall have no obligation to) require, prior to and as a condition of any such transfer, the delivery by the proposed transferee of an Opinion of Counsel, addressed to the Depositor, the Master Servicer, the Trust Administrator, any NIMS Insurer and the Trustee satisfactory in form and substance to the Depositor, that such proposed transferee or, if the proposed transferee is an agent or nominee, the proposed beneficial owner, is not a Disqualified Organization, agent or nominee thereof, or a Non-Permitted Foreign Holder.
Notwithstanding the registration in the Certificate Register of any transfer, sale, or other disposition of a Residual Certificate to a Disqualified Organization, an agent or nominee thereof, or Non-Permitted Foreign Holder, such registration shall be deemed to be of no legal force or effect whatsoever76
Exhibit 4.5and such Disqualified Organization, agent or nominee thereof, or Non-Permitted Foreign Holder shall not be deemed to be a Certificateholder for any purpose hereunder, including, but not limited to, the receipt of distributions on such Residual Certificate.
The Trust Administrator shall not be under any liability to any person for any registration or transfer of a Residual Certificate to a Disqualified Organization, agent or nominee thereof or Non-permitted Foreign Holder or for the maturity of any payments due on such Residual Certificate to the Holder thereof or for taking any other action with respect to such Holder under the provisions of the Agreement, so long as the transfer was effected in accordance with this Section 3.03(f), unless a Responsible Officer of the Trust Administrator shall have actual knowledge at the time of such transfer or the time of such payment or other action that the transferee is a Disqualified Organization, or an agent or nominee thereof, or Non-permitted Foreign Holder.
The Trust Administrator shall be entitled, but not obligated, to recover from any Holder of a Residual Certificate that was a Disqualified Organization, agent or nominee thereof, or Non-permitted Foreign Holder at the time it became a Holder or any subsequent time it became a Disqualified Organization, agent or nominee thereof, or Non-permitted Foreign Holder, all payments made on such Residual Certificate at and after either such times (and all costs and expenses, including but not limited to attorneys’ fees, incurred in connection therewith).
If any purported transferee shall become a registered Holder of a Residual Certificate in violation of the provisions of this Section 3.03(f), then upon receipt of written notice to the Trust Administrator that the registration of transfer of such Residual Certificate was not in fact permitted by this Section 3.03(f), the last preceding Permitted Transferee shall be restored to all rights as Holder thereof retroactive to the date of such registration of transfer of such Residual Certificate.
The Trust Administrator shall be under no liability to any Person for any registration of transfer of a Residual Certificate that is in fact not permitted by this Section 3.03(f), for making any payment due on such Certificate to the registered Holder thereof or for taking any other action with respect to such Holder under the provisions of this Agreement so long as the transfer was registered upon receipt of the affidavit described in the preceding paragraph of this Section 3.03(f).
(g) Each Holder or Certificate Owner of a Restricted Certificate, ERISA-Restricted Certificate or Residual Certificate, or an interest therein, by such Holder’s or Owner’s acceptance thereof, shall be deemed for all purposes to have consented to the provisions of this section.
(h) [Reserved].
Any Certificate surrendered for registration of transfer or exchange shall be cancelled and retained in accordance with normal retention policies with respect to cancelled certificates maintained by the Trust Administrator or the Certificate Registrar.77
Exhibit 4.5          Section 3.05 Replacement of Certificates.
Upon the issuance of any new Certificate under this Section 3.05, the Trust Administrator and Authenticating Agent may require the payment of a sum sufficient to cover any tax or other governmental charge that may be imposed in relation thereto and any other expenses (including the fees and expenses of the Trust Administrator or the Authenticating Agent) connected therewith.
Any replacement Certificate issued pursuant to this Section 3.05 shall constitute complete and indefeasible evidence of ownership in the applicable Trust Fund, as if originally issued, whether or not the lost, stolen or destroyed Certificate shall be found at any time.
Section 3.06 Persons Deemed Owners.
Subject to the provisions of Section 3.09 with respect to Book-Entry Certificates, the Depositor, the Master Servicer, the Trust Administrator, the Trustee, the Certificate Registrar, any NIMS Insurer and any agent of any of them may treat the Person in whose name any Certificate is registered upon the books of the Certificate Registrar as the owner of such Certificate for the purpose of receiving distributions pursuant to Sections 5.01 and 5.02 and for all other purposes whatsoever, and neither the Depositor, the Master Servicer, the Trust Administrator, the Trustee, the Certificate Registrar, any NIMS Insurer nor any agent of any of them shall be affected by notice to the contrary.
Section 3.07 Temporary Certificates.
(b) If temporary Certificates are issued, the Depositor will cause definitive Certificates to be prepared without unreasonable delay.
Exhibit 4.5in the authorized denominations.
Until so exchanged, the temporary Certificates shall in all respects be entitled to the same benefits under this Agreement as definitive Certificates of the same Class.
Section 3.08 Appointment of Paving Agent.
The Trust Administrator is hereby appointed to act as the initial Paying Agent for the purpose of making distributions to Certificateholders hereunder.
Upon the resignation or removal of the Trust Administrator, the Trustee, subject to the consent of the NIMS Insurer, may appoint a successor Paying Agent (which may be the Trustee).
All funds remitted by the Trust Administrator to any such Paying Agent for the purpose of making distributions shall be paid to Certificateholders on each Distribution Date and any amounts not so paid shall be returned on such Distribution Date to the Trustee.
Any Paying Agent shall be either a bank or trust company or otherwise authorized under law to exercise corporate trust powers.
Section 3.09 Book-Entry Certificates.
The Book-Entry Certificates shall initially be registered on the Certificate Register in the name of the nominee of the Clearing Agency, and no Certificate Owner will receive a definitive certificate representing such Certificate Owner’s interest in the Book-Entry Certificates, except as provided in Section 3.09(c).
Unless Definitive Certificates have been issued to Certificate Owners of Book-Entry Certificates pursuant to Section 3.09(c):             (i) the provisions of this Section 3.09 shall be in full force and effect;             (ii) the Depositor, the Master Servicer, the Trust Administrator, the Paying Agent, the Registrar, any NIMS Insurer and the Trustee may deal with the Clearing Agency for all purposes (including the making of distributions on the Book-Entry Certificates) as the authorized representatives of the Certificate Owners and the Clearing Agency shall be responsible for crediting the amount of such distributions to the accounts of such Persons entitled thereto, in accordance with the Clearing Agency’s normal procedures;             (iii) to the extent that the provisions of this Section 3.09 conflict with any other provisions of this Agreement, the provisions of this Section 3.09 shall control; and             (iv) the rights of Certificate Owners shall be exercised only through the Clearing Agency and the Clearing Agency Participants and shall be limited to those79
Exhibit 4.5   established by law and agreements between such Certificate Owners and the Clearing Agency and/or the Clearing Agency Participants.
Neither the Depositor nor the Trust Administrator shall be liable for any delay in delivery of such instructions and may conclusively rely on, and shall be protected in relying on, such instructions.
Upon the issuance of Definitive Certificates all references herein to obligations imposed upon or to be performed by the Clearing Agency shall be deemed to be imposed upon and performed by the Trust Administrator, to the extent applicable, with respect to such Definitive Certificates and the Trustee and the Trust Administrator shall recognize the holders of the Definitive Certificates as Certificateholders hereunder.
The Collection Account shall relate solely to the Certificates issued by the Trust Fund hereunder, and funds in such Collection Account shall not be commingled with any other monies.
(b) The Collection Account shall be an Eligible Account.
The Trust Administrator shall take such actions as are necessary to cause the depository institution holding the Collection Account to hold such account in the name of the Trust Administrator under this Agreement.
All such Eligible Investments shall be made in the name of the Trust Administrator in trust for the benefit of the Trustee and Holders of Fieldstone Mortgage Investment Trust 2006-[      ].
All income and gain realized from any Eligible Investment shall be for the benefit of the Master Servicer and shall be subject to its withdrawal or order from time to time, subject to Section 5.05 hereof, and shall not be part of the Trust Fund.
The amount of any losses incurred in respect of any such investments shall be deposited in such Collection Account by the Master Servicer out of its own funds, without any right of reimbursement therefor, immediately as realized.
The foregoing requirements for deposit in the Collection Account are exclusive, it being understood and agreed that, without limiting the generality of the foregoing, payments of interest on funds in the Collection Account and payments in the nature of late payment charges, assumption fees and other incidental fees and charges relating to the Mortgage Loans (other than Prepayment Premiums) need not be deposited by the Trust Administrator, Master Servicer, Servicer or the Subservicer in the Collection Account and may be retained by the Master Servicer, the Servicer or the Subservicer as additional servicing compensation.
Section 4.02 Application of Funds in the Collection Account.
The Trust Administrator may, from time to time, make, or cause to be made, withdrawals from the Collection Account for the following purposes:             (i) to reimburse the Master Servicer, the Servicer and Subservicer for Advances or Servicing Advances made by it, by the Servicer or by the Subservicer pursuant to Section 5.04 of the Servicing Agreement; such right to reimbursement pursuant to this subclause (i) is limited to amounts received on or in respect of a82
Exhibit 4.5   particular Mortgage Loan (including, for this purpose, Liquidation Proceeds and amounts representing Insurance Proceeds with respect to the property subject to the related Mortgage) which represent late recoveries (net of the Servicing Fee) of payments of principal or interest respecting which any such Advance was made, it being understood, in the case of any such reimbursement, that the Master Servicer’s, the Servicer’s or the Subservicer’s right thereto shall be prior to the rights of the Certificateholders;             (ii) to reimburse the Master Servicer, the Servicer and the Subservicer, following a final liquidation of a Mortgage Loan (except as otherwise provided in the Servicing Agreement) for any previously unreimbursed Advances made by it, by the Servicer and by the Subservicer (A) that it determines in good faith will not be recoverable from amounts representing late recoveries of payments of principal or interest respecting the particular Mortgage Loan as to which such Advance was made or from Liquidation Proceeds or Insurance Proceeds with respect to such Mortgage Loan and/or (B) to the extent that such unreimbursed Advances exceed the related Liquidation Proceeds or insurance Proceeds, it being understood, in the case of each such reimbursement, that such Master Servicer’s, Servicer’s and Subservicer’s right thereto shall be prior to the rights of the Certificateholders;             (iii) to reimburse the Master Servicer, the Servicer or the Subservicer from Liquidation Proceeds for Liquidation Expenses and for amounts expended by it pursuant to Section 9.22(c) or the Servicing Agreement in good faith in connection with the restoration of damaged property and, to the extent that Liquidation Proceeds after such reimbursement exceed the unpaid principal balance of the related Mortgage Loan, together with accrued and unpaid interest thereon at the applicable Mortgage Rate less the Master Servicing Fee Rate and the Servicing Fee Rate for such Mortgage Loan to the Due Date next succeeding the date of its receipt of such Liquidation Proceeds, to pay to itself out of such excess the amount of any unpaid assumption fees, late payment charges or other Mortgagor charges on the related Mortgage Loan and to retain any excess remaining thereafter as additional servicing compensation, it being understood, in the case of any such reimbursement or payment, that such Master Servicer’s, Servicer’s or the Subservicer’s right thereto shall be prior to the rights of the Certificateholders;             (iv) to reimburse the Master Servicer, the Servicer or the Subservicer for expenses incurred by and recoverable by or reimbursable to it, the Servicer or the Subservicer pursuant to Sections 9.04, 9.05(b), 9.07(a), 9.30 or 11.15;             (v) to pay to the Depositor or the Seller, as applicable, with respect to each Mortgage Loan or REO Property acquired in respect thereof that has been purchased pursuant to this Agreement, all amounts received thereon and not distributed on the date on which the related repurchase was effected, and to pay to the applicable Person any Advances and Servicing Advances to the extent specified in the definition of Purchase Price;             (vi) subject to Section 5.05, to pay to the Master Servicer income earned on the investment of funds deposited in the Collection Account;83
In connection with withdrawals pursuant to subclauses (i), (iii), (iv), (vi) and (vii) above, the Master Servicer’s, the Servicer’s, the Subservicer’s or such other Person’s entitlement thereto is limited to collections or other recoveries on the related Mortgage Loan.
The Master Servicer shall therefore keep and maintain a separate accounting for each Mortgage Loan it master services for the purpose of justifying any withdrawal from the Collection Account it maintains pursuant to such subclause (i), (iii), (iv) and (vi).
Section 4.03 Reports to Certificateholders.
Exhibit 4.5   Loans, including Liquidation Proceeds and Insurance Proceeds, stating separately the amount attributable to scheduled principal payments and unscheduled payments in the nature of principal;             (ii) the aggregate amount of the distribution to be made on such Distribution Date to the Holders of each Class of Certificates allocable to interest and the calculation thereof;             (iii) the amount, if any, of any distribution to the Holders of the Class X Certificate and the Residual Certificate;             (iv) (A) the aggregate amount of any Advances required to be made by or on behalf of the Servicer, the Subservicer (or the Master Servicer) with respect to such Distribution Date, (B) the aggregate amount of such Advances actually made, and (C) the amount, if any, by which (A) above exceeds (B) above;             (v) by Mortgage Pool and in the aggregate, the total number of Mortgage Loans, the aggregate Scheduled Principal Balance of all the Mortgage Loans as of the close of business on the last day of the related Collection Period, after giving effect to payments allocated to principal reported under clause (i) above;             (vi) the Class Principal Amount (or Class Notional Amount) of each Class of Certificates, to the extent applicable, as of such Distribution Date after giving effect to payments allocated to principal reported under clause (i) above, separately identifying any reduction of any of the foregoing Certificate Principal Amounts due to Applied Loss Amounts;             (vii) the amount of all Prepayment Premiums distributed to the Class X Certificates;             (viii) by Mortgage Pool, and in the aggregate, the amount of any Realized Losses incurred with respect to the Mortgage Loans (x) in the applicable Prepayment Period and (y) in the aggregate since the Cut-off Date;             (ix) the amount of the Master Servicing Fees and the Servicing Fees paid during the Collection Period to which such distribution relates;             (x) the number and aggregate Scheduled Principal Balance of Mortgage Loans, as reported to the Master Servicer by the Servicer or Subservicer, (a) remaining outstanding (b) Delinquent 30 to 59 days on a contractual basis, (c) Delinquent 60 to 89 days on a contractual basis, (d) Delinquent 90 or more days on a contractual basis, (e) as to which foreclosure proceedings have been commenced as of the close of business on the last Business Day of the calendar month immediately preceding the month in which such Distribution Date occurs, (f) in bankruptcy and (g) that are REO Properties;             (xi) the aggregate Scheduled Principal Balance of any Mortgage Loans in any Mortgage Pool with respect to which the related Mortgaged Property became a REO85
Exhibit 4.5   Property as of the close of business on the last Business Day of the calendar month immediately preceding the month in which such Distribution Date occurs;             (xii) with respect to substitution of Mortgage Loans in the preceding calendar month, the Scheduled Principal Balance of each Deleted Mortgage Loan, and of each Qualifying Substitute Mortgage Loan;             (xiii) the aggregate outstanding Carryforward Interest, Net Prepayment Interest Shortfalls, Basis Risk Shortfalls and Unpaid Basis Risk Shortfalls, if any, for each Class of Certificates, after giving effect to the distribution made on such Distribution Date;             (xiv) the Certificate Interest Rate applicable to such Distribution Date with respect to each Class of Certificates;             (xv) with respect to each Mortgage Pool, the Interest Remittance Amount and the Principal Remittance Amount applicable to such Distribution Date;             (xvi) if applicable, the amount of any shortfall (i.e., the difference between the aggregate amounts of principal and interest which Certificateholders would have received if there were sufficient available amounts in the Collection Account and the amounts actually distributed);             (xvii) the amount of any Overcollateralization Deficiency Amount after giving effect to the distributions made on such Distribution Date;             (xviii) the level of LIBOR and the Interest Rate of the Certificates; and             (xix) the amount of any payments made by the Cap Provider to the Trust Fund under the Basis Risk Cap and the Class X Cap.
In the case of information furnished pursuant to subclauses (i), (ii) and (vi) above, the amounts shall (except in the case of the report delivered to the holder of the Class X Certificate) be expressed as a dollar amount per $1,000 of original principal amount of Certificates.
The Trust Administrator shall have the right to change the way such statements are distributed in order to make such distribution more convenient and/or more accessible to the above parties and the Trust Administrator shall provide timely and adequate notification to all above parties regarding any such changes.86
Exhibit 4.5          The foregoing information and reports shall be prepared and determined by the Trust Administrator based solely on Mortgage Loan data provided to the Trust Administrator by the Master Servicer (in a format agreed to by the Trust Administrator and the Master Servicer) no later than 12:00 p.m.(noon) Eastern Standard Time four Business Days prior to the Distribution Date.
In preparing or furnishing the foregoing information to the Trust Administrator, the Trustee and any NIMS Insurer, the Master Servicer shall be entitled to rely conclusively on the accuracy of the information or data regarding the Mortgage Loans and the related REO Property that has been provided to the Master Servicer by the Servicer or the Subservicer, and the Master Servicer shall not be obligated to verify, recompute, reconcile or recalculate any such information or data.
The Master Servicer shall be entitled to conclusively rely on the Mortgage Loan data provided to the Master Servicer and shall have no liability for any errors in such Mortgage Loan data.
Such information shall include the amount of original issue discount accrued on each Class of Certificates and information regarding the expenses of the Trust Fund.
The Trust Administrator shall be deemed to have satisfied this requirement if it forwards such information in any other format permitted by the Code.
The Master Servicer shall provide the Trust Administrator with such information as is necessary for the Trust Administrator to prepare such reports and the Trust Administrator may rely solely upon such information.
Exhibit 4.5Administrator to prepare such reports, and the Trust Administrator shall be entitled to rely upon such information.ARTICLE VDISTRIBUTIONS TO HOLDERS OF CERTIFICATES          Section 5.01 Distributions Generally.
(b) All distributions or allocations made with respect to Certificateholders within each Class on each Distribution Date shall be allocated among the outstanding Certificates in such Class equally in proportion to their respective initial Class Principal Amounts or initial Class Notional Amounts (or Percentage Interests).
Section 5.02 Distributions from the Collection Account.
All allocations and distributions made between and with respect to Pool 1 and Pool 2 in this Section shall be made concurrently.
Exhibit 4.5   Carryforward Interest for such Classes and Component and such Distribution Date; provided, however, that any shortfall in Current Interest shall be allocated among the Class 1-A Certificates and the A-IO(l) Component in proportion to the amount of Current Interest that would otherwise be distributable thereon;             (ii) concurrently, pro rata to the Class 2-Al and Class 2-A2 Certificates and the A-IO(2) Component, Current Interest (taking into account distributions pursuant to subsection 5.02(c)(i) below, as applicable, and the related Net Funds Cap, if applicable) for such Classes and Components and such Distribution Date and any Carryforward Interest for such Classes and Components and such Distribution Date;             (iii) to the Class M1 Certificates, Current Interest (taking into account the Subordinate Net Funds Cap, if applicable) and any Carryforward Interest for such Class and such Distribution Date;             (iv) to the Class M2 Certificates, Current Interest (taking into account the Subordinate Net Funds Cap, if applicable) and any Carryforward Interest for such Class and such Distribution Date;             (v) to the Class M3 Certificates, Current Interest (taking into account the Subordinate Net Funds Cap, if applicable) and any Carryforward Interest for such Class and such Distribution Date;             (vi) to the Class M4 Certificates, Current Interest (taking into account the Subordinate Net Funds Cap, if applicable) and any Carryforward Interest for such Class and such Distribution Date;             (vii) to the Class M5 Certificates, Current Interest (taking into account the Subordinate Net Funds Cap, if applicable) and any Carryforward Interest for such Class and such Distribution Date;             (viii) to the Class B Certificates, Current Interest (taking into account the Subordinate Net Funds Cap, if applicable) and any Carryforward Interest for such Class and such Distribution Date;             (ix) to the Trustee, any amounts reimbursable pursuant to Section 4.02(x) and not previously reimbursed to the Trustee; and             (x) for application as part of Monthly Excess Cashflow for such Distribution Date, as provided in subsection (f) of this Section, any Interest Remittance Amount for Pool 1 remaining after application pursuant to clauses (i) through (x) above.
Exhibit 4.5   Carryforward Interest for each such Class and Component and such Distribution Date; provided, however, that any shortfall in Current Interest shall be allocated among the Class 2-Al and Class 2-A2 Certificates and the A-IO(2) Component in proportion to the amount of Current Interest that would otherwise be distributable thereon;             (ii) concurrently, pro rata to the Class 1-A Certificates and the A-IO(l) Component, Current Interest (taking into account distributions pursuant to subsection 5.02(b)(i) above, as applicable, and the related Net Funds Cap, if applicable) for such Class and Component and such Distribution Date and any Carryforward Interest for such Class and Component and such Distribution Date;             (iii) to the Class M1 Certificates, Current Interest (taking into account the Subordinate Net Funds Cap, if applicable) and any Carryforward Interest for such Class and such Distribution Date;             (iv) to the Class M2 Certificates, Current Interest (taking into account the Subordinate Net Funds Cap, if applicable) and any Carryforward Interest for such Class and such Distribution Date;             (v) to the Class M3 Certificates, Current Interest (taking into account the Subordinate Net Funds Cap, if applicable) and any Carryforward Interest for such Class and such Distribution Date;             (vi) to the Class M4 Certificates, Current Interest (taking into account the Subordinate Net Funds Cap, if applicable) and any Carryforward Interest for such Class and such Distribution Date;             (vii) to the Class M5 Certificates, Current Interest (taking into account the Subordinate Net Funds Cap, if applicable) and any Carryforward Interest for such Class and such Distribution Date;             (viii) to the Class B Certificates, Current Interest (taking into account the Subordinate Net Funds Cap, if applicable) and any Carryforward Interest for such Class and such Distribution Date;             (ix) to the Trustee, any amounts reimbursable pursuant to Section 4.02(x) and not previously reimbursed to the Trustee; and             (x) for application as part of Monthly Excess Cashflow for such Distribution Date, as provided in subsection (f) of this Section, any Interest Remittance Amount for Pool 2 remaining after application pursuant to clauses (i) through (x) above.
Any Principal Distribution Amount remaining on any Distribution Date after the Target Amount is achieved will be applied as part of Monthly Excess Cashflow for such Distribution Date as provided in subsection (f) of this Section.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, on any Distribution Date on which the Class Principal Amount of each Class of Certificates having a higher priority of distribution has been reduced to zero, any remaining Principal Distribution Amount will be distributed to the remaining Certificates in the order of priority set forth above until the Class Principal Amount of each such Class has been reduced to zero.
Exhibit 4.5               (G) to the Class B Certificates, in reduction of their Class Principal Amount, until the aggregate Class Principal Amount for such Class, the Class M5.
Section 5.03 Allocation of Losses.
Section 5.04 Advances by Master Servicer, Servicer, Subservicer and Trust Administrator.
(a) Subject to Section 9.07, Advances shall be made in respect of each Deposit Date as provided herein.
Exhibit 4.5that any Scheduled Payments due during the related Collection Period (other than Balloon Payments) have not been received, the Servicer and the Subservicer shall advance such amount to the extent provided in the Servicing Agreement.
If the Servicer and the Subservicer fail to remit Advances required to be made under the Servicing Agreement, the Master Servicer shall (in its capacity as successor Servicer) make, or shall cause the successor Servicer to make, such Advance on the Deposit Date immediately following such Determination Date.
The Master Servicer, the Servicer and the Subservicer shall be entitled to be reimbursed from the Collection Account for all Advances made by it as provided in Section 4.02.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, in the event the Master Servicer determines in its reasonable judgment that an Advance is non-recoverable, the Master Servicer shall be under no obligation to make such Advance.
The Trustee shall be entitled to be reimbursed from the Collection Account for Advances made by it pursuant to this Section 5.04 as if it were the Master Servicer.
Section 5.05 Compensating Interest Payments.
The amount of the aggregate Master Servicing Fees payable to the Master Servicer in respect of any Distribution Date shall be reduced (but not below zero) by the amount of any Compensating Interest Payment for such Distribution Date, but only to the extent that Prepayment Interest Shortfalls relating to such Distribution Date are required to be paid but not actually paid by the Servicer and the Subservicer on the applicable Servicer Remittance Date.98
Exhibit 4.5Such amount shall not be treated as an Advance and shall not be reimbursable to the Master Servicer.
Section 5.06 Basis Risk Reserve Fund.
In addition, the Trust Administrator shall hold the Basis Risk Cap as an asset in the Basis Risk Reserve Fund.
The Basis Risk Reserve Fund shall be an Eligible Account, and funds on deposit therein shall be held separate and apart from, and shall not be commingled with, any other moneys, including, without limitation, other moneys of the Trust Administrator held pursuant to this Agreement.
(b) The Trust Administrator shall account for the Cap Agreement as though it comprised two component cap agreements – the Basis Risk Cap and the Class X Cap.
The Class X Cap shall not be an asset of the Trust Fund or the Basis Risk Reserve Fund.
On any Distribution Date, any amounts that the Trust Administrator is not required to distribute from the Basis Risk Reserve Fund pursuant to Section 5.02(f)(iii) of this Agreement shall remain on deposit in the Basis Risk Reserve Fund.
(c) Funds in the Basis Risk Reserve Fund shall be invested in Eligible Investments.
The Class X Certificate shall evidence ownership of the Basis Risk Reserve Fund for federal income tax purposes and the Seller on behalf of the Holder thereof shall direct the Trust Administrator, in writing, as to investment of amounts on deposit therein.
The Seller shall be liable for any losses incurred on such investments.
In the absence of written instructions from the Seller as to investment of funds on deposit in the Basis Risk Reserve Fund, such funds shall be invested in the Wells Fargo Prime Money Market Fund Investment Account.ARTICLE VICONCERNING THE TRUSTEE AND THE TRUST ADMINISTRATOR; EVENTS OF DEFAULT          Section 6.01 Duties of Trustee and Trust Administrator.
(a) The Trustee, except during the continuance of an Event of Default, and the Trust Administrator, undertake to perform such duties and only such duties as are specifically set forth99
Exhibit 4.5in this Agreement.
Any permissive right of the Trustee or the Trust Administrator provided for in this Agreement shall not be construed as a duty of the Trustee or the Trust Administrator.
If an Event of Default has occurred and has not otherwise been cured or waived, the Trustee or the Trust Administrator shall exercise such of the rights and powers vested in it by this Agreement and use the same degree of care and skill in their exercise as a prudent Person would exercise or use under the circumstances in the conduct of such Person’s own affairs, unless the Trust Administrator is acting as Master Servicer, in which case it shall use the same degree of care and skill as the Master Servicer hereunder.
(b) Each of the Trustee and the Trust Administrator, upon receipt of all resolutions, certificates, statements, opinions, reports, documents, orders or other instruments furnished to the Trustee or the Trust Administrator which are specifically required to be furnished pursuant to any provision of this Agreement, shall examine them to determine whether they are on their face in the form required by this Agreement; provided, however, that neither the Trustee nor the Trust Administrator shall be responsible for the accuracy or content of any such resolution, certificate, statement, opinion, report, document, order or other instrument furnished by the Master Servicer, the Servicer or the Subservicer to the Trustee or the Trust Administrator pursuant to this Agreement, and shall not be required to recalculate or verify any numerical information furnished to the Trustee or the Trust Administrator pursuant to this Agreement.
(c) Neither the Trustee nor the Trust Administrator shall have any liability arising out of or in connection with this Agreement, except for its negligence or willful misconduct.
Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, neither the Trustee nor the Trust Administrator shall be liable for special, indirect or consequential losses or damages of any kind whatsoever (including, but not limited to, lost profits).
No provision of this Agreement shall be construed to relieve the Trustee or the Trust Administrator from liability for its own negligent action, its own negligent failure to act or its own willful misconduct; provided, however, that:             (i) Neither the Trustee nor the Trust Administrator shall be liable with respect to any action taken, suffered or omitted to be taken by it in good faith in accordance with the direction of Holders of Certificates as provided in Section 6.18 hereof;             (ii) For all purposes under this Agreement, the Trustee shall not be deemed to have notice of any Event of Default unless a Responsible Officer of the Trustee has actual knowledge thereof or unless written notice of any event which is in fact such a default is received by the Trustee at the Corporate Trust Office, and such notice references the Holders of the Certificates and this Agreement;100
Exhibit 4.5             (iii) For all purposes under this Agreement, the Trust Administrator shall not be deemed to have notice of any Event of Default (other than resulting from a failure by the Master Servicer to furnish information to the Trust Administrator when required to do so) unless a Responsible Officer of the Trust Administrator has actual knowledge thereof or unless written notice of any event which is in fact such a default is received by the Trust Administrator at the address provided in Section 11.07, and such notice references the Holders of the Certificates and this Agreement;             (iv) No provision of this Agreement shall require the Trustee or the Trust Administrator to expend or risk its own funds or otherwise incur any financial liability in the performance of any of its duties hereunder, or in the exercise of any of its rights or powers, if it shall have reasonable grounds for believing that repayment of such funds or adequate indemnity against such risk or liability is not reasonably assured to it; and none of the provisions contained in this Agreement shall in any event require the Trustee or the Trust Administrator to perform, or be responsible for the manner of performance of, any of the obligations of the Master Servicer under this Agreement;             (v) Neither the Trustee nor the Trust Administrator shall be responsible for any act or omission of the Master Servicer, the Depositor, the Seller or the Custodian and neither the Trust Administrator nor the Trustee shall be responsible for any act or omission of the other.
(e) Neither the Trustee nor the Trust Administrator shall be personally liable with respect to any action taken, suffered or omitted to be taken by it in good faith in accordance with the direction of any NIMS Insurer or the Certificateholders of any Class holding Certificates which evidence, as to such Class, Percentage Interests aggregating not less than 25% as to the time, method and place of conducting any proceeding for any remedy available to the Trustee or the Trust Administrator or exercising any trust or power conferred upon the Trustee or the Trust Administrator, as applicable, under this Agreement.
(f) Neither the Trustee nor the Trust Administrator shall be required to perform services under this Agreement, or to expend or risk its own funds or otherwise incur financial liability for the performance of any of its duties hereunder or the exercise of any of its rights or powers if there is reasonable ground for believing that the timely payment of its fees and expenses or the repayment of such funds or adequate indemnity against such risk or liability is not reasonably assured to it, and none of the provisions contained in this Agreement shall in any event require the Trustee or the Trust Administrator, as applicable, to perform, or be responsible101
Exhibit 4.5for the manner of performance of, any of the obligations of the Master Servicer, the Servicer or the Subservicer under this Agreement or the Servicing Agreement except during such time, if any, as the Trust Administrator shall be the successor to, and be vested with the rights, duties, powers and privileges of, the Master Servicer in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.
(g) The Trustee shall not be held liable by reason of any insufficiency in the Collection Account resulting from any investment loss on any Eligible Investment included therein (except to the extent that the Trustee is the obligor and has defaulted thereon).
(h) The Trustee shall not and, except as otherwise provided herein, the Trust Administrator shall not have any duty (A) to see to any recording, filing, or depositing of this Agreement or any agreement referred to herein or any financing statement or continuation statement evidencing a security interest, or to see to the maintenance of any such recording or filing or depositing or to any rerecording, refiling or redepositing of any thereof, (B) to see to any insurance, and (C) to see to the payment or discharge of any tax, assessment, or other governmental charge or any lien or encumbrance of any kind owing with respect to, assessed or levied against, any part of the Trust Fund other than from funds available in the Collection Account, the Trust Administration Account or the Collection Account, as applicable.
Except as otherwise provided herein, neither the Trustee nor the Trust Administrator shall have any duty to confirm or verify the contents of any reports or certificates of the Master Servicer, the Servicer or the Subservicer delivered to the Trustee or the Trust Administrator pursuant to this Agreement believed by the Trustee or the Trust Administrator, as applicable, to be genuine and to have been signed or presented by the proper party or parties.
(i) Neither the Trust Administrator nor the Trustee shall be liable in its individual capacity for an error of judgment made in good faith by a Responsible Officer or other officers of the Trustee or the Trust Administrator, as applicable, unless it shall be proved that the Trustee or the Trust Administrator, as applicable, was negligent in ascertaining the pertinent facts.
(j) Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, neither the Trust Administrator nor the Trustee shall be liable for special, indirect or consequential losses or damages of any kind whatsoever (including, but not limited to, lost profits), even if the Trustee or the Trust Administrator, as applicable, has been advised of the likelihood of such loss or damage and regardless of the form of action.
(k) Neither the Trust Administrator nor the Trustee shall be responsible for the acts or omissions of the other, it being understood that this Agreement shall not be construed to render them agents of one another.
Section 6.02 Certain Matters Affecting the Trustee and the Trust Administrator.
Except as otherwise provided in Section 6.01:
                (i) Each of the Trustee and the Trust Administrator may request, and may rely and shall be protected in acting or refraining from acting upon any resolution, Officer’s Certificate, certificate of auditors or any other certificate, statement, instrument, opinion, report, notice, request, consent, order, approval, bond or other paper or             (i) Each of the Trustee and the Trust Administrator may request, and may rely and shall be protected in acting or refraining from acting upon any resolution, Officer’s Certificate, certificate of auditors or any other certificate, statement, instrument, opinion, report, notice, request, consent, order, approval, bond or other paper or102
Exhibit 4.5   document believed by it to be genuine and to have been signed or presented by the proper party or parties;             (ii) Each of the Trustee and the Trust Administrator may consult with counsel and any advice of its counsel or Opinion of Counsel shall be full and complete authorization and protection in respect of any action taken or suffered or omitted by it hereunder in good faith and in accordance with such advice or Opinion of Counsel;             (iii) Neither the Trustee nor the Trust Administrator shall be personally liable for any action taken, suffered or omitted by it in good faith and reasonably believed by it to be authorized or within the discretion or rights or powers conferred upon it by this Agreement;             (iv) Unless an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, neither the Trustee nor the Trust Administrator shall be bound to make any investigation into the facts or matters stated in any resolution, certificate, statement, instrument, opinion, report, notice, request, consent, order, approval, bond or other paper or document (provided the same appears regular on its face), unless requested in writing to do so by any NIMS Insurer or the Holders of at least a majority in Class Principal Amount (or Percentage Interest) of each Class of Certificates; provided, however, that, if the payment within a reasonable time to the Trustee or the Trust Administrator, as applicable, of the costs, expenses or liabilities likely to be incurred by it in the making of such investigation is, in the opinion of the Trustee or the Trust Administrator, as applicable, not reasonably assured to the Trustee or the Trust Administrator by the security afforded to it by the terms of this Agreement, the Trustee or the Trust Administrator, as applicable, may require reasonable indemnity against such expense or liability or payment of such estimated expenses from any NIMS Insurer or the Certificateholders, as applicable, as a condition to proceeding.
The reasonable expense thereof shall be paid by the party requesting such investigation and if not reimbursed by the requesting party shall be reimbursed to the Trustee by the Trust Fund;             (v) Each of the Trustee and the Trust Administrator may execute any of the trusts or powers hereunder or perform any duties hereunder either directly or by or through agents, custodians or attorneys, which agents, custodians or attorneys shall have any and all of the rights, powers, duties and obligations of the Trustee and the Trust Administrator conferred on them by such appointment, provided that each of the Trustee and the Trust Administrator shall continue to be responsible for its duties and obligations hereunder to the extent provided herein, and provided further that neither the Trustee nor the Trust Administrator shall be responsible for any misconduct or negligence on the part of any such agent or attorney appointed with due care by the Trustee or the Trust Administrator, as applicable;             (vi) Neither the Trustee nor the Trust Administrator shall be under any obligation to exercise any of the trusts or powers vested in it by this Agreement or to institute, conduct or defend any litigation hereunder or in relation hereto, in each case at the request, order or direction of any of the Certificateholders or any NIMS Insurer pursuant to the provisions of this Agreement, unless such Certificateholders or any NIMS103
Exhibit 4.5   Insurer shall have offered to the Trustee or the Trust Administrator, as applicable, reasonable security or indemnity against the costs, expenses and liabilities which may be incurred therein or thereby;             (vii) The right of the Trustee and the Trust Administrator to perform any discretionary act enumerated in this Agreement shall not be construed as a duty, and neither the Trustee nor the Trust Administrator shall be answerable for other than its negligence or willful misconduct in the performance of such act; and             (viii) Neither the Trustee nor the Trust Administrator shall be required to give any bond or surety in respect of the execution of the Trust Fund created hereby or the powers granted hereunder.
Section 6.03 Trustee and Trust Administrator Not Liable for Certificates.
The Trustee and the Trust Administrator make no representations as to the validity or sufficiency of this Agreement or of the Certificates (other than the certificate of authentication on the Certificates) or of any Mortgage Loan, or related document save that the Trustee and the Trust Administrator represent that, assuming due execution and delivery by the other parties hereto, this Agreement has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by it and constitutes its valid and binding obligation, enforceable against it in accordance with its terms except that such enforceability may be subject to (A) applicable bankruptcy and insolvency laws and other similar laws affecting the enforcement of the rights of creditors generally, and (B) general principles of equity regardless of whether such enforcement is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law.
The Trustee and the Trust Administrator shall not be accountable for the use or application by the Depositor of funds paid to the Depositor in consideration of the assignment of the Mortgage Loans to the Trust Fund by the Depositor or for the use or application of any funds deposited into the Collection Account, the Collection Account, the Trust Administration Account any Escrow Account or any other fund or account maintained with respect to the Certificates.
The Trustee and the Trust Administrator shall not be responsible for the legality or validity of this Agreement or the validity, priority, perfection or sufficiency of the security for the Certificates issued or intended to be issued hereunder.
The Trustee shall not, and except as otherwise provided herein, the Trust Administrator shall have no responsibility for filing any financing or continuation statement in any public office at any time or to otherwise perfect or maintain the perfection of any security interest or lien granted to it hereunder or to record this Agreement.
Section 6.04 Trustee and the Trust Administrator May Own Certificates.
The Trustee and the Trust Administrator and any Affiliate or agent of either of them in its individual or any other capacity may become the owner or pledgee of Certificates and may transact banking and trust business with the other parties hereto and their Affiliates with the same rights it would have if it were not Trustee, Trust Administrator or such agent.
Section 6.05 Eligibility Requirements for Trustee and Trust Administrator.
The Trustee and the Trust Administrator hereunder shall at all times be (i) an institution insured by the FDIC, (ii) a corporation or national banking association, organized and doing business under the laws of any State or the United States of America, authorized under such laws104
Exhibit 4.5to exercise corporate trust powers, having a combined capital and surplus of not less than $50,000,000 and subject to supervision or examination by federal or state authority and (iii) not an Affiliate of the Master Servicer or the Servicer (except in the case of the Trust Administrator).
If such corporation or national banking association publishes reports of condition at least annually, pursuant to law or to the requirements of the aforesaid supervising or examining authority, then, for the purposes of this Section, the combined capital and surplus of such corporation or national banking association shall be deemed to be its combined capital and surplus as set forth in its most recent report of condition so published.
If no successor trustee or successor Trust Administrator shall have been so appointed and shall have accepted appointment within 30 days after the giving of such notice of resignation, the resigning Trustee or resigning Trust Administrator, as applicable, may petition any court of competent jurisdiction for the appointment of a successor trustee or successor Trust Administrator, as applicable.
(d) Any resignation or removal of the Trustee or the Trust Administrator, as applicable, and appointment of a successor trustee or successor Trust Administrator pursuant to any of the provisions of this Section shall become effective upon acceptance of appointment by the successor trustee or the successor Trust Administrator, as applicable, as provided in Section 6.07.
Section 6.07 Successor Trustee and Successor Trust Administrator.
Exhibit 4.5vest and confirm in the successor trustee or successor Trust Administrator, as applicable, all such rights, powers, duties and obligations.
(b) No successor trustee or successor Trust Administrator shall accept appointment as provided in this Section unless at the time of such appointment such successor trustee or successor Trust Administrator shall be eligible under the provisions of Section 6.05.
The expenses of such mailing shall be borne by the predecessor trustee or predecessor Trust Administrator, as applicable.
Section 6.08 Merger or Consolidation of Trustee or the Trust Administrator.
Any Person into which the Trustee or Trust Administrator may be merged or with which it may be consolidated, or any Person resulting from any merger, conversion or consolidation to which the Trustee or Trust Administrator shall be a party, or any Persons succeeding to the business of the Trustee or Trust Administrator, shall be the successor to the Trustee or Trust Administrator hereunder, without the execution or filing of any paper or any further act on the part of any of the parties hereto, anything herein to the contrary notwithstanding, provided that, in the case of the Trustee, such Person shall be eligible under the provisions of Section 6.05.
Section 6.09 Appointment of Co-Trustee, Separate Trustee or Custodian.
(a) Notwithstanding any other provisions hereof, at any time, the Trustee, the Depositor or the Certificateholders evidencing more than 50% of the Class Principal Amount (or Percentage Interest) of every Class of Certificates shall have the power from time to time to appoint one or more Persons, approved by the Trustee and any NIMS Insurer, to act either as co-trustees jointly with the Trustee, or as separate trustees, or as custodians, for the purpose of holding title to, foreclosing or otherwise taking action with respect to any Mortgage Loan outside the state where the Trustee has its principal place of business where such separate trustee or co-trustee is necessary or advisable (or the Trustee has been advised by the Master Servicer that such separate trustee or co-trustee is necessary or advisable) under the laws of any state in which a property securing a Mortgage Loan is located or for the purpose of otherwise conforming to any legal requirement, restriction or condition in any state in which a property securing a Mortgage Loan is located or in any state in which any portion of the Trust Fund is located.
The separate Trustees, co-trustees, or custodians so appointed shall be trustees or custodians for the benefit of all the Certificateholders and shall have such powers, rights and remedies as shall be specified in the instrument of appointment; provided, however, that no such appointment shall, or shall be deemed to, constitute the appointee an agent of the Trustee.
The obligation of the Trust Administrator to make Advances pursuant to Section 5.04 and 6.14 hereof shall not be affected or assigned by the appointment of a co-trustee.
(b) Every separate trustee, co-trustee, and custodian shall, to the extent permitted by law, be appointed and act subject to the following provisions and conditions:107
Exhibit 4.5             (i) all powers, duties, obligations and rights conferred upon the Trustee in respect of the receipt, custody and payment of moneys shall be exercised solely by the Trustee;             (ii) all other rights, powers, duties and obligations conferred or imposed upon the Trustee shall be conferred or imposed upon and exercised or performed by the Trustee and such separate trustee, co-trustee, or custodian jointly, except to the extent that under any law of any jurisdiction in which any particular act or acts are to be performed the Trustee shall be incompetent or unqualified to perform such act or acts, in which event such rights, powers, duties and obligations, including the holding of title to the Trust Fund or any portion thereof in any such jurisdiction, shall be exercised and performed by such separate trustee, co-trustee, or custodian;             (iii) no trustee or custodian hereunder shall be personally liable by reason of any act or omission of any other trustee or custodian hereunder; and             (iv) the Trustee or the Certificateholders evidencing more than 50% of the Aggregate Voting Interests of the Certificates may at any time accept the resignation of or remove any separate trustee, co-trustee or custodian, so appointed by it or them, if such resignation or removal does not violate the other terms of this Agreement.
Every instrument appointing any separate trustee, co-trustee or custodian shall refer to this Agreement and the conditions of this Article VI.
Each separate trustee and co-trustee, upon its acceptance of the trusts, shall be vested with the estates or property specified in its instrument of appointment, either jointly with the Trustee or separately, as may be provided therein, subject to all the provisions of this Agreement, specifically including every provision of this Agreement relating to the conduct of, affecting the liability of, or affording protection to, the Trustee.
(d) Any separate trustee, co-trustee or custodian may, at any time, constitute the Trustee its agent or attorney-in-fact with full power and authority, to the extent not prohibited by law, to do any lawful act under or in respect of this Agreement on its behalf and in its name.
If any separate trustee, co-trustee or custodian shall die, become incapable of acting, resign or be removed, all of its estates, properties, rights, remedies and trusts shall vest in and be exercised by the Trustee, to the extent permitted by law, without the appointment of a new or successor trustee.
(e) No separate trustee, co-trustee or custodian hereunder shall be required to meet the terms of eligibility as a successor trustee under Section 6.05 hereunder and no notice to Certificateholders of the appointment shall be required under Section 6.07 hereof.
(f) The Trustee agrees to instruct the co-trustees, if any, to the extent necessary to fulfill the Trustee’s obligations hereunder.108
Exhibit 4.5          (g) The Trustee shall pay the reasonable compensation of the co-trustees requested by the Trustee to be so appointed (which compensation shall not reduce any compensation payable to the Trustee) and, if paid by the Trustee, shall be a reimbursable expense pursuant to Section 6.12.
Section 6.10 Authenticating Agents.
(a) The Trust Administrator will act as the Authenticating Agent and shall be authorized to act on behalf of the Trustee in authenticating Certificates.
Upon the removal or resignation of the Trust Administrator, the Trustee may appoint a successor Authenticating Agent.
Wherever reference is made in this Agreement to the authentication of Certificates by the Trustee or the Trustee’s certificate of authentication, such reference shall be deemed to include authentication on behalf of the Trustee by an Authenticating Agent and a certificate of authentication executed on behalf of the Trustee by an Authenticating Agent.
Each Authenticating Agent must be a corporation organized and doing business under the laws of the United States of America or of any state, having a combined capital and surplus of at least $15,000,000, authorized under such laws to do a trust business and subject to supervision or examination by federal or state authorities and acceptable to any NIMS Insurer.
(b) Any Person into which any Authenticating Agent may be merged or converted or with which it may be consolidated, or any Person resulting from any merger, conversion or consolidation to which any Authenticating Agent shall be a party, or any Person succeeding to the corporate agency business of any Authenticating Agent, shall continue to be the Authenticating Agent without the execution or filing of any paper or any further act on the part of the Trustee or the Authenticating Agent.
Any successor Authenticating Agent upon acceptance of its appointment hereunder shall become vested with all the rights, powers, duties and responsibilities of its predecessor hereunder, with like effect as if originally named as Authenticating Agent.
No successor Authenticating Agent shall be appointed unless eligible under the provisions of this Section 6.10.
No Authenticating Agent shall have responsibility or liability for any action taken by it as such at the direction of the Trustee.
Any Authenticating Agent shall be entitled to reasonable compensation for its services and, if paid by the Trustee, it shall be a reimbursable expense pursuant to Section 6.12.
Section 6.11 Indemnification of Trustee and Trust Administrator.
The Trustee and the Trust Administrator and their respective directors, officers, employees and agents shall be entitled to indemnification from the Trust Fund for any loss,109
Exhibit 4.5liability or expense incurred in connection with any legal proceeding or incurred without negligence or willful misconduct on their part, arising out of, or in connection with, the acceptance or administration of the trusts created hereunder or in connection with the performance of their duties hereunder or under the Cap Agreement, any Mortgage Loan Purchase Agreement, the Servicing Agreement or any Custodial Agreement, including any applicable fees and expenses payable pursuant to Section 6.12 and the costs and expenses of defending themselves against any claim in connection with the exercise or performance of any of their powers or duties hereunder, provided that:
                (i) with respect to any such claim, the Trustee or the Trust Administrator, as applicable, shall have given the Depositor, the Master Servicer, any NIMS Insurer and the Holders written notice thereof promptly after a Responsible Officer of the Trustee or the Trust Administrator, as applicable, shall have knowledge thereof provided that the failure to provide such prompt written notice shall not affect the Trustee’s or Trust Administrator’s right to indemnification hereunder;
                (ii) while maintaining control over its own defense, the Trustee or the Trust Administrator, as applicable, shall cooperate and consult fully with the Depositor, the Master Servicer and any NIMS Insurer in preparing such defense; and
                (iii) notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 6.11, the Trust Fund shall not be liable for settlement of any such claim by the Trustee or the Trust Administrator, as applicable, entered into without the prior consent of the Depositor, the Master Servicer and any NIMS Insurer, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld.
The provisions of this Section 6.11 shall survive any termination of this Agreement and the resignation or removal of the Trustee or the Trust Administrator, as applicable, and shall be construed to include, but not be limited to any loss, liability or expense under any environmental law.
Section 6.12 Fees and Expenses of Trust Administrator, Trustee and Custodian.
The Trust Administrator shall be entitled to the Trust Administrator Fee and the Trustee shall be entitled to a Trustee Fee (which shall be paid by the Master Servicer from its Master Servicing Fee), and reimbursement of all reasonable expenses, disbursements and advances incurred or made by the Trust Administrator or Trustee, as applicable, in accordance with this Agreement (including fees and expenses of its counsel and all persons not regularly in its employment and any amounts described in Section 10.01 to which such party is entitled as provided therein), except for expenses, disbursements and advances incurred by the Trustee or Trust Administrator in the routine administration of its duties hereunder and any such expenses arising from its negligence, bad faith or willful misconduct.
The Custodian shall receive compensation and reimbursement or payment of its expenses under the Custodial Agreement as provided therein; provided that, to the extent required under Section 6 of the Custodial Agreement, the Trustee is hereby authorized to pay such compensation from amounts on deposit in the Collection Account prior to any distributions to Certificateholders pursuant to Section 5.02 hereof.110
Exhibit 4.5          Section 6.13 Collection of Monies.
If the Trustee or the Trust Administrator shall not have timely received amounts to be remitted with respect to the Mortgage Loans from the Master Servicer, the Trustee or the Trust Administrator shall request the Master Servicer to make such distribution as promptly as practicable or legally permitted.
Section 6.14 Events of Default; Trustee To Act; Appointment of Successor.
On or after the receipt by the Master Servicer of such written notice, all authority and power of the Master Servicer, and only in its capacity as Master Servicer under this Agreement, whether with respect to the Mortgage Loans or otherwise, shall pass to and be vested in the Trust Administrator and upon receipt of written notice by the Trust Administrator from the Trustee pursuant to and under the terms of this Agreement; provided, however, the parties acknowledge that notwithstanding the preceding sentence there may be a transition period, not to exceed 90 days, in order to effect the transfer of the Master Servicing obligations to the Trust Administrator.
The Master Servicer being terminated shall bear all costs of a master servicing transfer, including but not limited to those of the Trustee or Trust Administrator reasonably allocable to specific employees and overhead, legal fees and expenses, accounting and financial consulting fees and expenses, and costs of amending the Agreement, if necessary.
The Trust Administrator and the Trustee shall be entitled to be reimbursed from the Master Servicer (or by the Trust Fund, if the Master Servicer is unable to fulfill its obligations hereunder) for all costs associated with the transfer of servicing from the predecessor Master Servicer, including, without limitation, any costs or expenses associated with the complete transfer of all servicing data and the completion, correction or manipulation of such servicing113
Exhibit 4.5data as may be required by the Trust Administrator to correct any errors or insufficiencies in the servicing data or otherwise to enable the Trust Administrator to master service the Mortgage Loans properly and effectively.
If any Event of Default shall occur, the Trustee, upon a Responsible Officer of the Trustee becoming aware of the occurrence thereof, shall promptly notify the Trust Administrator, any NIMS Insurer and each Rating Agency of the nature and extent of such Event of Default.
The Trustee shall have no liability relating to the representations and warranties of the Master Servicer set forth in Section 9.14.
In the Trustee’s capacity as such successor, the Trustee shall have the same limitations on liability herein granted to the Master Servicer.
As compensation therefor, the Trustee shall be entitled to receive all compensation payable to the Master Servicer under this Agreement, including the Master Servicing Fee.
(c) Notwithstanding the above, the Trustee may, if it shall be unwilling to continue to so act, or shall, if it is unable to so act, petition a court of competent jurisdiction to appoint, or appoint on its own behalf any established housing and home finance institution servicer, master servicer, servicing or mortgage servicing institution having a net worth of not less than $15,000,000 and meeting such other standards for a successor master servicer as are set forth in114
Exhibit 4.5this Agreement, as the successor to such Master Servicer in the assumption of all of the responsibilities, duties or liabilities of the Master Servicer hereunder.
Any entity designated by the Trustee as a successor master servicer may be an Affiliate of the Trustee; provided, however, that, unless such Affiliate meets the net worth requirements and other standards set forth herein for a successor master servicer, the Trustee, in its individual capacity shall agree, at the time of such designation, to be and remain liable to the Trust Fund for such Affiliate’s actions and omissions in performing its duties hereunder.
In connection with such appointment and assumption, the Trustee may make such arrangements for the compensation of such successor out of payments on Mortgage Loans as it and such successor shall agree; provided, however, that no such compensation shall be in excess of that permitted to the Master Servicer hereunder.
The Trustee, the Trust Administrator and such successor shall take such actions, consistent with this Agreement, as shall be necessary to effectuate any such succession and may make other arrangements with respect to the servicing to be conducted hereunder which are not inconsistent herewith.
Neither the Trustee, the Trust Administrator nor any other successor master servicer shall be deemed to be in default hereunder by reason of any failure to make, or any delay in making, any distribution hereunder or any portion thereof caused by (i) the failure of the Master Servicer to deliver, or any delay in delivering, cash, documents or records to it, (ii) the failure of the Master Servicer to cooperate as required by this Agreement, (iii) the failure of the Master Servicer to deliver the Mortgage Loan data to the Trust Administrator as required by this Agreement or (iv) restrictions imposed by any regulatory authority having jurisdiction over the Master Servicer.
Neither the Trustee nor any other successor master servicer shall be deemed to be in default hereunder by reason of any failure to make, or any delay in making, any distribution hereunder or any portion thereof caused by (i) the failure of the Trustee to deliver, or any delay in delivering cash, documents or records to it, or (ii) the failure of Trustee to cooperate as required by this Agreement.
Section 6.15 Additional Remedies of Trustee Upon Event of Default.
During the continuance of any Event of Default, so long as such Event of Default shall not have been remedied, the Trustee, in addition to the rights specified in Section 6.14, shall have the right, in its own name and as trustee of an express trust, to take all actions now or hereafter existing at law, in equity or by statute to enforce its rights and remedies and to protect the interests, and enforce the rights and remedies, of any NIMS Insurer and the Certificateholders (including the institution and prosecution of all judicial, administrative and other proceedings and the filings of proofs of claim and debt in connection therewith).
Except as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement, no remedy provided for by this Agreement shall be exclusive of any other remedy, and each and every remedy shall be cumulative and in addition to115
Exhibit 4.5any other remedy, and no delay or omission to exercise any right or remedy shall impair any such right or remedy or shall be deemed to be a waiver of any Event of Default.
Section 6.16 Waiver of Defaults.
More than 50% of the Aggregate Voting Interests of Certificateholders, with the consent of any NIMS Insurer may waive any default or Event of Default by the Master Servicer in the performance of its obligations hereunder, except that a default in the making of any required deposit to the Collection Account that would result in a failure of the Trustee to make any required payment of principal of or interest on the Certificates may only be waived with the consent of 100% of the affected Certificateholders, with the consent of any NIMS Insurer.
Upon any such waiver of a past default, such default shall cease to exist, and any Event of Default arising therefrom shall be deemed to have been remedied for every purpose of this Agreement.
No such waiver shall extend to any subsequent or other default or impair any right consequent thereon except to the extent expressly so waived.
Section 6.17 Notification to Holders.
Section 6.18 Directions by Certificateholders and Duties of Trustee During Event of Default.
Subject to the provisions of Section 8.01 hereof, during the continuance of any Event of Default, Holders of Certificates evidencing not less than 25% of the Class Principal Amount (or Percentage Interest) of each Class of Certificates affected thereby may, with the consent of any NIMS Insurer, direct the time, method and place of conducting any proceeding for any remedy available to the Trustee, or exercising any trust or power conferred upon the Trustee, under this Agreement; provided, however, that the Trustee shall be under no obligation to pursue any such remedy, or to exercise any of the trusts or powers vested in it by this Agreement (including, without limitation, (i) the conducting or defending of any administrative action or litigation hereunder or in relation hereto and (ii) the terminating of the Master Servicer or any successor master servicer from its rights and duties as master servicer hereunder) at the request, order or direction of any of the Certificateholders or any NIMS Insurer, unless such Certificateholders or any NIMS Insurer shall have offered to the Trustee reasonable security or indemnity against the cost, expenses and liabilities which may be incurred therein or thereby; and, provided further, that, subject to the provisions of Section 8.01, the Trustee shall have the right to decline to follow any such direction if the Trustee, in accordance with an Opinion of Counsel acceptable to any NIMS Insurer, determines that the action or proceeding so directed may not lawfully be taken or if the Trustee in good faith determines that the action or proceeding so directed would involve it116
Exhibit 4.5in personal liability for which it is not indemnified to its satisfaction or be unjustly prejudicial to the non-assenting Certificateholders.
Section 6.19 Action Upon Certain Failures of the Master Servicer and Upon Event of Default.
In the event that the Trustee or the Trust Administrator shall have actual knowledge of any action or inaction of the Master Servicer that would become an Event of Default upon the Master Servicer’s failure to remedy the same after notice, the Trustee or the Trust Administrator, as applicable, shall give notice thereof to the Master Servicer and any NIMS Insurer and the Trustee or Trust Administrator, as applicable.
Section 6.20 Preparation of Reports.
Any necessary disclosure in addition to the Monthly Statement that is required to be included on Form 10-D (“Additional Form 10-D Disclosure”) shall, pursuant to the paragraph immediately below, be reported by the parties set forth on Exhibit M-1 and directed and approved by the Depositor, and the Trust Administrator will have no duty or liability for any failure hereunder to determine or prepare any Additional Form 10-D Disclosure absent such reporting, direction and approval.
The Trust Administrator has no duty under this Agreement to monitor or enforce the performance by the parties listed on Exhibit M-1 of their duties under this paragraph or proactively solicit or procure from such parties any Additional Form 10-D Disclosure information.
The Depositor will be responsible for any reasonable fees and expenses117
Exhibit 4.5
      assessed or incurred by the Trust Administrator in connection with including any Additional Form 10-D Disclosure on Form 10-D pursuant to this paragraph.
If a Form 10-D cannot be filed on time or if a previously filed Form 10-D needs to be amended, the Trust Administrator will follow the procedures set forth in Section 6.20(e).
The parties to this Agreement acknowledge that the performance by the Trust Administrator of its duties under this Section 6.20 related to the timely preparation and filing of Form 10-D is contingent upon such parties strictly observing all applicable deadlines in the performance of their duties under this Section 6.20.
The Trust Administrator shall have no liability for any loss, expense, damage, claim arising out of or with respect to any failure to properly prepare and/or timely file such Form 10-D, where such failure results from the Trust Administrator’s inability or failure to receive, on a timely basis, any information from any other party hereto needed to prepare, arrange for execution or file such Form 10-D, not resulting from its own negligence, bad faith or willful misconduct.
assessed or incurred by the Trust Administrator in connection with including any Additional Form 10-D Disclosure on Form 10-D pursuant to this paragraph.
If a Form 10-D cannot be filed on time or if a previously filed Form 10-D needs to be amended, the Trust Administrator will follow the procedures set forth in Section 6.20(e).
The parties to this Agreement acknowledge that the performance by the Trust Administrator of its duties under this Section 6.20 related to the timely preparation and filing of Form 10-D is contingent upon such parties strictly observing all applicable deadlines in the performance of their duties under this Section 6.20.
The Trust Administrator shall have no liability for any loss, expense, damage, claim arising out of or with respect to any failure to properly prepare and/or timely file such Form 10-D, where such failure results from the Trust Administrator’s inability or failure to receive, on a timely basis, any information from any other party hereto needed to prepare, arrange for execution or file such Form 10-D, not resulting from its own negligence, bad faith or willful misconduct.
Exhibit 4.5Function Participant engaged by such parties, as described under Section 9.25(c), and (2) if any registered public accounting firm attestation report described under Section 9.25(c) identifies any material instance of noncompliance, disclosure identifying such instance of noncompliance, or if any such registered public accounting firm attestation report is not included as an exhibit to such Form 10-K, disclosure that such report is not included and an explanation why such report is not included; and                         (4) a Sarbanes-Oxley Certification (“Sarbanes-Oxley Certification”) as described in Section 6.20(c)(v).
(ii) Any disclosure or information in addition to (i) through (iv) above that is required to be included on Form 10-K (“Additional Form 10-K Disclosure”) shall, pursuant to the paragraph immediately below, be reported by the parties set forth on Exhibit M-2 and directed and approved by the Depositor, and the Trust Administrator will have no duty or liability for any failure hereunder to determine or prepare any Additional Form 10-K Disclosure absent such reporting, direction and approval.
The Trust Administrator has no duty under this Agreement to monitor or enforce the performance by the parties listed on Exhibit M-2 of their duties under this paragraph or proactively solicit or procure from such parties any Additional Form 10-K Disclosure information.
The Depositor will be responsible for any reasonable fees and expenses assessed or incurred by the Trust Administrator in connection with including any Additional Form 10-K Disclosure on Form 10-K pursuant to this paragraph.
If a Form 10-K cannot be filed on time or if a previously filed Form 10-K needs to be amended, the Trust Administrator will follow the procedures set forth in Section 6.20(c).
The parties to this Agreement acknowledge that the performance by the Trust Administrator of its duties under this Section 6.20(c) related to the timely preparation and filing of Form 10-K is contingent upon such parties (and any Additional Servicer or Servicing Function Participant) strictly observing all applicable deadlines in the performance of their duties under this Section 6.20(c), Section 6.20(c)(v), Section 9.24, Section 9.25(a) and Section             (ii) Any disclosure or information in addition to (i) through (iv) above that is required to be included on Form 10-K (“Additional Form 10-K Disclosure”) shall, pursuant to the paragraph immediately below, be reported by the parties set forth on Exhibit M-2 and directed and approved by the Depositor, and the Trust Administrator will have no duty or liability for any failure hereunder to determine or prepare any Additional Form 10-K Disclosure absent such reporting, direction and approval.
The Trust Administrator has no duty under this Agreement to monitor or enforce the performance by the parties listed on Exhibit M-2 of their duties under this paragraph or proactively solicit or procure from such parties any Additional Form 10-K Disclosure information.
The Depositor will be responsible for any reasonable fees and expenses assessed or incurred by the Trust Administrator in connection with including any Additional Form 10-K Disclosure on Form 10-K pursuant to this paragraph.
If a Form 10-K cannot be filed on time or if a previously filed Form 10-K needs to be amended, the Trust Administrator will follow the procedures set forth in Section 6.20(c).
The parties to this Agreement acknowledge that the performance by the Trust Administrator of its duties under this Section 6.20(c) related to the timely preparation and filing of Form 10-K is contingent upon such parties (and any Additional Servicer or Servicing Function Participant) strictly observing all applicable deadlines in the performance of their duties under this Section 6.20(c), Section 6.20(c)(v), Section 9.24, Section 9.25(a) and Section119
Exhibit 4.5
      9.25(c).
The Trust Administrator shall have no liability for any loss, expense, damage, claim arising out of or with respect to any failure to properly prepare and/or timely file such Form 10-K, where such failure results from the Trust Administrator’s inability or failure to receive, on a timely basis, any information from any other party hereto needed to prepare, arrange for execution or file such Form 10-K, not resulting from its own negligence, bad faith or willful misconduct.
(v) Each Form 10-K shall include a certification (the “Sarbanes-Oxley Certification”), exactly as set forth in Exhibit [_] attached hereto, required to be included therewith pursuant to the Sarbanes-Oxley Act.
The senior officer of the Depositor in charge of securitization shall serve as the Certifying Person on behalf of the Trust.
In the event the Servicer, the Subservicer, any Additional Servicer and the Indenture Trustee, or any Servicing Function Participant engaged by any such party, is terminated or resigns pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, or any other applicable agreement, as the case may be, such party shall provide a Back-Up Certification to the Certifying Person pursuant to this Section 6.20(c) with respect to the period of time it was subject to this Agreement or any other applicable agreement, as the case may be.
9.25(c).
The Trust Administrator shall have no liability for any loss, expense, damage, claim arising out of or with respect to any failure to properly prepare and/or timely file such Form 10-K, where such failure results from the Trust Administrator’s inability or failure to receive, on a timely basis, any information from any other party hereto needed to prepare, arrange for execution or file such Form 10-K, not resulting from its own negligence, bad faith or willful misconduct.
(v) Each Form 10-K shall include a certification (the “Sarbanes-Oxley Certification”), exactly as set forth in Exhibit [_] attached hereto, required to be included therewith pursuant to the Sarbanes-Oxley Act.
The senior officer of the Depositor in charge of securitization shall serve as the Certifying Person on behalf of the Trust.
In the event the Servicer, the Subservicer, any Additional Servicer and the Indenture Trustee, or any Servicing Function Participant engaged by any such party, is terminated or resigns pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, or any other applicable agreement, as the case may be, such party shall provide a Back-Up Certification to the Certifying Person pursuant to this Section 6.20(c) with respect to the period of time it was subject to this Agreement or any other applicable agreement, as the case may be.
Any disclosure or information related to a Reportable Event or that is otherwise required to be included on Form 8-K (“Form 8-K Disclosure Information”) shall, pursuant to the paragraph immediately below, be reported by the parties set forth on Exhibit M-3 and directed and approved by the Depositor, and the Trust Administrator will have no duty or liability for any failure hereunder to determine or prepare any Form 8-K Disclosure Information absent such reporting, direction and approval.
Any disclosure or information related to a Reportable Event or that is otherwise required to be included on Form 8-K (“Form 8-K Disclosure Information”) shall, pursuant to the paragraph immediately below, be reported by the parties set forth on Exhibit M-3 and directed and approved by the Depositor, and the Trust Administrator will have no duty or liability for any failure hereunder to determine or prepare any Form 8-K Disclosure Information absent such reporting, direction and approval.
(ii) For so long as the Trust is subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act, no later than Noon (New York City time) on the 2nd Business Day after the occurrence of a Reportable Event (A) the parties to this Fieldstone Mortgage Investment Trust, Series 2006[__] transaction on Exhibit M-3 hereto shall be required to provide to the Trust Administrator and the Depositor, to the extent known by a120
Exhibit 4.5
      responsible officer thereof, in EDGAR-compatible form, or in such other form as otherwise agreed upon by the Trust Administrator and the Depositor and such party, the form and substance of the Form 8-K Disclosure Information described on Exhibit M-3 applicable to such party, (B) include with such Additional Form 8-K Disclosure, an Additional Disclosure Notification in the form attached hereto as Exhibit M-4, and (C) the Depositor will approve, as to form and substance, or disapprove, as the case may be, the inclusion of the Form 8-K Disclosure Information on Form 8-K.
The Trust Administrator has no duty under this Agreement to monitor or enforce the performance by the parties listed on Exhibit M-3 of their duties under this paragraph or proactively solicit or procure from such parties any Form 8-K Disclosure Information.
The Depositor will be responsible for any reasonable fees and expenses assessed or incurred by the Trust Administrator in connection with including any Form 8-K Disclosure Information on Form 8-K pursuant to this paragraph.
If a Form 8-K cannot be filed on time or if a previously filed Form 8-K needs to be amended, the Trust Administrator will follow the procedures set forth in Section 6.20(e)(ii).
The parties to this Agreement acknowledge that the performance by the Trust Administrator of its duties under this Section 6.20(d) related to the timely preparation and filing of Form 8-K is contingent upon such parties strictly observing all applicable deadlines in the performance of their duties under this Section 6.20(d).
The Trust Administrator shall have no liability for any loss, expense, damage, claim arising out of or with respect to any failure to properly prepare and/or timely file such Form 8-K, where such failure results from the Trust Administrator’s inability or failure to receive, on a timely basis, any information from any other party hereto needed to prepare, arrange for execution or file such Form 8-K, not resulting from its own negligence, bad faith or willful misconduct.
responsible officer thereof, in EDGAR-compatible form, or in such other form as otherwise agreed upon by the Trust Administrator and the Depositor and such party, the form and substance of the Form 8-K Disclosure Information described on Exhibit M-3 applicable to such party, (B) include with such Additional Form 8-K Disclosure, an Additional Disclosure Notification in the form attached hereto as Exhibit M-4, and (C) the Depositor will approve, as to form and substance, or disapprove, as the case may be, the inclusion of the Form 8-K Disclosure Information on Form 8-K.
The Trust Administrator has no duty under this Agreement to monitor or enforce the performance by the parties listed on Exhibit M-3 of their duties under this paragraph or proactively solicit or procure from such parties any Form 8-K Disclosure Information.
The Depositor will be responsible for any reasonable fees and expenses assessed or incurred by the Trust Administrator in connection with including any Form 8-K Disclosure Information on Form 8-K pursuant to this paragraph.
If a Form 8-K cannot be filed on time or if a previously filed Form 8-K needs to be amended, the Trust Administrator will follow the procedures set forth in Section 6.20(e)(ii).
The parties to this Agreement acknowledge that the performance by the Trust Administrator of its duties under this Section 6.20(d) related to the timely preparation and filing of Form 8-K is contingent upon such parties strictly observing all applicable deadlines in the performance of their duties under this Section 6.20(d).
The Trust Administrator shall have no liability for any loss, expense, damage, claim arising out of or with respect to any failure to properly prepare and/or timely file such Form 8-K, where such failure results from the Trust Administrator’s inability or failure to receive, on a timely basis, any information from any other party hereto needed to prepare, arrange for execution or file such Form 8-K, not resulting from its own negligence, bad faith or willful misconduct.
In the case of Form 10-D and 10-K, the Depositor, Servicer and the Trust Administrator will cooperate to prepare and file a Form 12b-25 and a 10-D/A and 10-K/A as applicable, pursuant to Rule 12b-25 of the Exchange Act.
In the case of Form 8-K, the Trust121
Exhibit 4.5Administrator will, upon receipt of all required Form 8-K Disclosure Information and upon the approval and direction of the Depositor, include such disclosure information on the next succeeding Form 10-D to be filed for the Trust.
In the event that any previously filed Form 8-K, 10-D or 10-K needs to be amended, the Trust Administrator will notify the Depositor and the Servicer and such parties agree to cooperate to prepare any necessary 8-K/A, 10-D/A or 10-K/A.
The Depositor and Servicer acknowledge that the performance by the Trust Administrator of its duties under this Section 6.20(e) related to the timely preparation and filing of Form 15, a Form 12b-25 or any amendment to Form 8-K, 10-D or 10-K is contingent upon the Servicer and the Depositor performing their duties under this Section.
The Trust Administrator shall have no liability for any loss, expense, damage, claim arising out of or with respect to any failure to properly prepare and/or timely file any such Form 15, Form 12b-25 or any amendments to Forms 8-K, 10-D or 10-K, where such failure results from the Trust Administrator’s inability or failure to receive, on a timely basis, any information from any other party hereto needed to prepare, arrange for execution or file such Form 15, Form 12b-25 or any amendments to Forms 8-K, 10-D or 10-K, not resulting from its own negligence, bad faith or willful misconduct.ARTICLE VIIPURCHASE OF MORTGAGE LOANS AND
TERMINATION OF THE TRUST FUND    Section 7.01 Purchase of Mortgage Loans; Termination of Trust Fund Upon Purchase or Liquidation of All Mortgage Loans.
Fieldstone Mortgage Company has agreed not to exercise such option so122
Exhibit 4.5long as any NIM Securities remain outstanding.
If Fieldstone Mortgage Company fails to exercise such option, the NIMS Insurer, if any, will have the right to exercise such option so long as it is insuring the net interest margin securities or any amounts payable to the NIMS Insurer in respect of the insurance remain unpaid.
If Fieldstone Mortgage Company and the NIMS Insurer, if any, fail to exercise such option, the Subservicer will have the right to exercise such option.
The Master Servicer, the Trust Administrator, the Servicer and the Subservicer (or the Trustee, if applicable) shall be reimbursed from the Termination Price for any Mortgage Loan or related REO Property for any Advances made or other amounts advanced with respect to the Mortgage Loans that are reimbursable to such Persons under this Agreement or the Servicing Agreement (or to the Trustee hereunder), together with any accrued and unpaid compensation due to the Master Servicer, the NIMS Insurer or the Subservicer hereunder or the Servicer and the Subservicer thereunder.
No interest shall accrue on any amount held by the Trust Administrator and not distributed to a Certificateholder due to such Certificateholder’s failure to surrender its Certificate(s) for payment of the final distribution thereon in accordance with this Section.
(c) Any reasonable expenses incurred by the Trustee or Trust Administrator in connection with any termination or liquidation of the Trust Fund shall be reimbursed from proceeds received from the liquidation of the Trust Fund.
Section 7.03 Additional Trust Fund Termination Requirements.
(b) By its acceptance of a Residual Certificate, each Holder thereof hereby agrees to accept the plan of complete liquidation prepared by the Depositor and adopted by the Trustee under this Section and to take such other action in connection therewith as may be reasonably requested by the Trust Administrator, Master Servicer or the Servicer.
(c) In connection with the termination of the Trust Fund, the Trustee may request an Opinion of Counsel addressed to the Trustee (at the expense of the Person exercising the option to purchase all Mortgage Loans pursuant to Section 7.01(b)) to the effect that all the requirements of a qualified liquidation under the REMIC Provisions have been met.
Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, no Certificateholder, solely by virtue of its status as a Certificateholder, shall have any right to vote or in any manner otherwise control the Master Servicer or the operation and management of the Trust Fund, or the obligations of the parties hereto, nor shall anything herein set forth, or contained in the terms of the Certificates, be construed so as to constitute the Certificateholders from time to time as partners or members of an association, nor shall any Certificateholder be under any liability to any third person by reason of any action taken by the parties to this Agreement pursuant to any provision hereof.
(b) No Certificateholder, solely by virtue of its status as Certificateholder, shall have any right by virtue or by availing of any provision of this Agreement to institute any suit, action or proceeding in equity or at law upon or under or with respect to this Agreement, unless such Holder previously shall have given to the Trustee a written notice of an Event of Default and of the continuance thereof, as hereinbefore provided, and unless also the Holders of Certificates evidencing not less than 25% of the Class Principal Amount or Class Notional Amount (or125
Exhibit 4.5Percentage Interest) of Certificates of each Class affected thereby shall, with the prior written consent of any NIMS Insurer, have made written request upon the Trustee to institute such action, suit or proceeding in its own name as Trustee hereunder and shall have offered to the Trustee such reasonable indemnity as it may require against the cost, expenses and liabilities to be incurred therein or thereby, and the Trustee, for sixty days after its receipt of such notice, request and offer of indemnity, shall have neglected or refused to institute any such action, suit or proceeding and no direction inconsistent with such written request has been given such Trustee during such sixty-day period by such Certificateholders or any NIMS insurer; it being understood and intended, and being expressly covenanted by each Certificateholder with every other Certificateholder, any NIMS Insurer, the Trust Administrator and the Trustee, that no one or more Holders of Certificates shall have any right in any manner whatever by virtue or by availing of any provision of this Agreement to affect, disturb or prejudice the rights of the Holders of any other of such Certificates or the rights of any NIMS Insurer, or to obtain or seek to obtain priority over or preference to any other such Holder or any NIMS Insurer, or to enforce any right under this Agreement, except in the manner herein provided and for the benefit of all Certificateholders and the NIMS Insurer.
For the protection and enforcement of the provisions of this Section, each and every Certificateholder, the NIMS Insurer and the Trustee shall be entitled to such relief as can be given either at law or in equity.
Section 8.02 Access to List of Holders.
(c) Every Holder or Certificate Owner, if the Holder is a Clearing Agency, by receiving and holding a Certificate, agrees with the Depositor, the Master Servicer, the Trust Administrator, any NIMS Insurer, the Certificate Registrar and the Trustee that neither the Depositor, the Master Servicer, the Trust Administrator, any NIMS Insurer, the Certificate Registrar nor the Trustee shall be held accountable by reason of the disclosure of any such information as to the names and addresses of the Certificateholders hereunder, regardless of the source from which such information was derived.126
Exhibit 4.5          Section 8.03 Acts of Holders of Certificates.
(a) Any request, demand, authorization, direction, notice, consent, waiver or other action provided by this Agreement to be given or taken by Holders or Certificate Owner, if the Holder is a Clearing Agency, may be embodied in and evidenced by one or more instruments of substantially similar tenor signed by such Holders in person or by agent duly appointed in writing; and, except as herein otherwise expressly provided, such action shall become effective when such instrument or instruments are delivered to the Trustee and the Trust Administrator and, where expressly required herein, to the Master Servicer.
Such instrument or instruments (as the action embodies therein and evidenced thereby) are herein sometimes referred to as an “Act” of the Holders signing such instrument or instruments.
Proof of execution of any such instrument or of a writing appointing any such agents shall be sufficient for any purpose of this Agreement and conclusive in favor of the Trustee, the Trust Administrator and the Master Servicer, if made in the manner provided in this Section.
(b) The fact and date of the execution by any Person of any such instrument or writing may be proved by the affidavit of a witness of such execution or by the certificate of any notary public or other officer authorized by law to take acknowledgments or deeds, certifying that the individual signing such instrument or writing acknowledged to him the execution thereof.
Whenever such execution is by an officer of a corporation or a member of a partnership on behalf of such corporation or partnership, such certificate or affidavit shall also constitute sufficient proof of his authority.
The fact and date of the execution of any such instrument or writing, or the authority of the individual executing the same, may also be proved in any other manner which the Trustee deems sufficient.
(c) The ownership of Certificates (whether or not such Certificates shall be overdue and notwithstanding any notation of ownership or other writing thereon made by anyone other than the Trustee) shall be proved by the Certificate Register, and none of the Trustee, the Master Servicer, the Trust Administrator, the NIMS Insurer, or the Depositor shall be affected by any notice to the contrary.
(d) Any request, demand, authorization, direction, notice, consent, waiver or other action by the Holder of any Certificate shall bind every future Holder of the same Certificate and the Holder of every Certificate issued upon the registration of transfer thereof or in exchange therefor or in lieu thereof, in respect of anything done, omitted or suffered to be done by the Trustee or the Master Servicer in reliance thereon, whether or not notation of such action is made upon such Certificate.127
The Certificateholders, by their purchase and acceptance of the Certificates, appoint Wells Fargo Bank Minnesota, National Association, as Master Servicer.
For and on behalf of the Depositor, the Trustee and the Certificateholders, the Master Servicer shall master service the Mortgage Loans in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement and the provisions of the Servicing Agreement.
The parties acknowledge and agree that, pursuant to the terms of the Servicing Agreement, beginning on [     ], 2006, the Subservicer will perform the obligations of the Servicer under Articles III, IV and V of the Servicing Agreement (except as expressly set forth therein).
For purposes of this Article IX, all references herein to the Servicer shall mean Fieldstone Mortgage Company as servicer before such servicing transfer date and shall mean the Subservicer thereafter, except to the extent that the context requires otherwise.
Section 9.02 Master Servicer Fidelity Bond and Master Servicer Errors and Omissions Insurance Policy.
(a) The Master Servicer, at its expense, shall maintain in effect a Master Servicer Fidelity Bond and a Master Servicer Errors and Omissions Insurance Policy, affording coverage with respect to all directors, officers, employees and other Persons acting on such Master Servicer’s behalf, and covering errors and omissions in the performance of the Master Servicer’s obligations hereunder.
The total128
Exhibit 4.5losses, regardless of whether claims are filed with the applicable insurer or surety, shall be disclosed in such reports together with the amount of such losses covered by insurance.
Any amounts relating to the Mortgage Loans collected by the applicable Servicer under any such bond or policy shall be remitted to the Master Servicer to the extent provided in the Servicing Agreement.
Section 9.03 Master Servicer’s Financial Statements and Related Information.
Such financial statements shall include a balance sheet, income statement, statement of retained earnings, statement of additional paid-in capital, statement of changes in financial position and all related notes and schedules and shall be in comparative form, certified by a nationally recognized firm of Independent Accountants to the effect that such statements were examined and prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles applied on a basis consistent with that of the preceding year.
Section 9.04 Power to Act; Procedures.
(a) The Master Servicer shall master service the Mortgage Loans and shall have full power and authority, subject to the REMIC Provisions and the provisions of Article X hereof, and the Servicer shall have full power and authority (to the extent provided in the Servicing Agreement) to do any and all things that it may deem necessary or desirable in connection with the servicing and administration of the Mortgage Loans, including but not limited to the power and authority (i) to execute and deliver, on behalf of the Certificateholders and the Trustee, customary consents or waivers and other instruments and documents, (ii) to consent to transfers of any Mortgaged Property and assumptions of the Mortgage Notes and related Mortgages, (iii) to collect any Insurance Proceeds and Liquidation Proceeds, and (iv) to effectuate foreclosure or other conversion of the ownership of the Mortgaged Property securing any Mortgage Loan, in each case, in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement and the Servicing Agreement, as applicable; provided that the Master Servicer shall not take, or knowingly permit the Servicer to take, any action that is inconsistent with or prejudices the interests of the Trust Fund or the Certificateholders in any Mortgage Loan or the rights and interests of the Depositor, the Trustee, the Certificateholders under this Agreement.
The Master Servicer shall represent and protect the interests of the Trust Fund in the same manner as it protects its own interests in mortgage loans in its own portfolio in any claim, proceeding or litigation regarding a Mortgage Loan and shall not make or knowingly permit the Servicer to make any modification, waiver or amendment of any term of any Mortgage Loan that would cause an Adverse REMIC Event.
Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Master Servicer in its own name or in the name of the Servicer, and the Servicer, to the extent such authority is delegated to the Servicer under the Servicing Agreement, is hereby authorized and empowered by the Trustee when the Master Servicer or the Servicer, as the case may be, believes it appropriate in its best judgment and in129
Exhibit 4.5accordance with Accepted Servicing Practices and the Servicing Agreement, to execute and deliver, on behalf of itself and the Certificateholders, the Trustee or any of them, any and all instruments of satisfaction or cancellation, or of partial or full release or discharge and all other comparable instruments, with respect to the Mortgage Loans and with respect to the Mortgaged Properties.
If the Master Servicer or the Trustee has been advised that it is likely that the laws of the state in which action is to be taken prohibit such action if taken in the name of the Trustee or that the Trustee would be adversely affected under the “doing business” or tax laws of such state if such action is taken in its name, then upon request of the Trustee the Master Servicer shall join with the Trustee in the appointment of a co-trustee pursuant to Section 6.09 hereof.
In no event shall the Master Servicer, without the Trustee’s written consent: (i) initiate any action, suit or proceeding solely under the Trustee’s name without indicating the Master Servicer’s representative capacity or (ii) take any action with the intent to cause, and which actually does cause, the Trustee to be registered to do business in any state.
The Master Servicer shall indemnify the Trustee for any and all costs, liabilities and expenses incurred by the Trustee in connection with the negligent or willful misuse of such powers of attorney by the Master Servicer.
In the performance of its duties hereunder, the Master Servicer shall be an independent contractor and shall not, except in those instances where it is taking action in the name of the Trustee on behalf of the Trust Fund, be deemed to be the agent of the Trustee.
(b) In master servicing and administering the Mortgage Loans, the Master Servicer shall employ procedures and exercise the same care that it customarily employs and exercises in master servicing and administering loans for its own account, giving due consideration to Accepted Servicing Practices where such practices do not conflict with this Agreement.
Consistent with the foregoing, the Master Servicer may, and may permit the Servicer to, in its discretion (i) waive any late payment charge (but not any Prepayment Premium) and (ii) extend the due dates for payments due on a Mortgage Note for a period not greater than 120 days; provided, however, that the maturity of any Mortgage Loan shall not be extended past the date on which the final payment is due on the latest maturing Mortgage Loan as of the Cut-off Date.
In the event of any extension described in clause (ii) above, the Master Servicer shall make or cause the Servicer and the Subservicer (if required by the Servicing Agreement) to make Advances on the related Mortgage Loan in accordance with the provisions of Section 5.04 on the basis of the amortization schedule of such Mortgage Loan without modification thereof by reason of such extension.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, the Master Servicer shall not knowingly permit any modification, waiver or amendment of any material term of any Mortgage Loan, unless: (1) such Mortgage Loan is in default or default by the related Mortgagor is, in the reasonable judgment of the Master Servicer, the Servicer or the Subservicer, reasonably foreseeable and in the case of a waiver if a Prepayment Premium such waiver would maximize130
Section 9.05 Enforcement of Servicer’s and Master Servicer’s Obligations.
(a) The Servicing Agreement requires the applicable Servicer, respectively, to service the Mortgage Loans in accordance with the provisions thereof.
References in this Agreement to actions taken or to be taken by the Master Servicer include actions taken or to be taken by the Servicer on behalf of the Master Servicer.
Any fees and other amounts payable to the Servicer shall be deducted from amounts remitted to the Master Servicer by the Servicer (to the extent permitted by the Servicing Agreement) and shall not be an obligation of the Trust Fund or the Master Servicer.
(b) Costs incurred by the Master Servicer or by the Servicer in effecting the timely payment of taxes and assessments on the properties subject to the Mortgage Loans may be added to the amount owing under the related Mortgage Note where the terms of the Mortgage Note so permit; provided, however, that the addition of any such cost shall not be taken into account for purposes of calculating the distributions to be made to Certificateholders.
Such costs, to the extent that they are unanticipated, extraordinary costs, and not ordinary or routine costs shall be recoverable as a Servicing Advance by the Master Servicer pursuant to Section 4.02.
The parties acknowledge that notwithstanding the preceding sentence, there may be a transition period, not to exceed 90 days, in order to effect the transfer of servicing to a successor Servicer.
The Master Servicer shall be entitled to be reimbursed from the Servicer or the Subservicer (or by the Trust Fund, if the Servicer or the Subservicer is unable to fulfill its obligations under the Servicing Agreement) for all costs associated with the transfer of servicing from the predecessor servicer, including without limitation, any costs or expenses associated with the complete transfer or all servicing data and the completion, correction or manipulation of such servicing data, as may be required by the Master Servicer to correct any errors or insufficiencies in the servicing data or otherwise to enable the Master Servicer to service the Mortgage Loans properly and effectively.131
Exhibit 4.5          (b) If the Master Servicer acts as a successor Servicer, it will not assume liability for the representations and warranties of the Servicer, if any, that it replaces.
The Master Servicer shall use reasonable efforts to have the successor Servicer assume liability for the representations and warranties made by the terminated Servicer, as applicable, in the Servicing Agreement, and in the event of any such assumption by the successor Servicer, the Trustee or the Master Servicer, as applicable, may, in the exercise of its business judgment, release the terminated Servicer from liability for such representations and warranties.
(c) If the Master Servicer acts as a successor Servicer, it will have no obligation to make an Advance if it determines in its reasonable judgment that such Advance is non-recoverable.
To the extent that the Master Servicer is unable to find a successor Servicer that is willing to service the Mortgage Loans for the Servicing Fee because of the obligation of the Servicer to make Advances regardless of whether such Advance is recoverable, the Servicing Agreement may be amended to provide that the successor Servicer shall have no obligation to make an Advance if it determines in its reasonable judgment that such Advance is non-recoverable and provides an Officer’s Certificate to such effect to the Master Servicer, the Trustee and the NIMS Insurer.
Section 9.07 Master Servicer Liable for Enforcement.
Notwithstanding the Servicing Agreement, the Master Servicer shall remain obligated and liable to the Trustee, any NIMS Insurer and the Certificateholders in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement, to the extent of its obligations hereunder, without diminution of such obligation or liability by virtue of the Servicing Agreement.
The Master Servicer shall use commercially reasonable efforts to ensure that the Mortgage Loans are serviced in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement and shall use commercially reasonable efforts to enforce the provisions of the Servicing Agreement for the benefit of the Certificateholders and any NIMS Insurer.
The Master Servicer shall be entitled to enter into any agreement with the Servicer for indemnification of the Master Servicer and nothing contained in this Agreement shall be deemed to limit or modify such indemnification.
Except as expressly set forth herein, the Master Servicer shall have no liability for the acts or omissions of the Servicer in the performance by the Servicer of its obligations under the Servicing Agreement.
Section 9.08 No Contractual Relationship Between the Servicer, the Subservicer and Trustee or Depositor.
The Servicing Agreement that may be entered into and any other transactions or services relating to the Mortgage Loans involving the Servicer or the Subservicer in its capacity as such and not as an originator shall be deemed to be between the Servicer or the Subservicer, the Seller and the Master Servicer, and the Trustee, any NIMS Insurer and the Depositor shall not be deemed parties thereto and shall have no obligations, duties or liabilities with respect to the Servicer except as set forth in Section 9.9 hereof, but shall have rights thereunder as third party beneficiaries.
It is furthermore understood and agreed by the parties hereto that the obligations of the Servicer or the Subservicer are set forth in their entirety in the Servicer’s the Servicing Agreement and the Servicer has no obligations under and is not otherwise bound by the terms of this Agreement.132
Exhibit 4.5          Section 9.09 Assumption of Servicing Agreement by Trust Administrator.
(a) In the event the Master Servicer shall for any reason no longer be the Master Servicer (including by reason of any Event of Default under this Agreement), after a period not to exceed ninety days after the Trust Administrator receives written notice from the Trustee pursuant to Section 6.14 or Section 9.27, as applicable, the Trust Administrator shall thereupon assume all of the rights and obligations of such Master Servicer hereunder and under the Servicing Agreement entered into with respect to the Mortgage Loans.
The Trust Administrator, its designee or any successor master servicer appointed by the Trust Administrator shall be deemed to have assumed all of the Master Servicer’s interest herein and therein to the same extent as if such Servicing Agreement had been assigned to the assuming party, except that the Master Servicer shall not thereby be relieved of any liability or obligations of the Master Servicer under such Servicing Agreement accruing prior to its replacement as Master Servicer, and shall be liable to the Trust Administrator and any NIMS Insurer, and hereby agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the Trust Administrator and any NIMS Insurer from and against all costs, damages, expenses and liabilities (including reasonable attorneys’ fees) incurred by the Trust Administrator or any NIMS Insurer as a result of such liability or obligations of the Master Servicer and in connection with the Trust Administrator’s assumption (but not its performance, except to the extent that costs or liability of the Trust Administrator are created or increased as a result of negligent or wrongful acts or omissions of the Master Servicer prior to its replacement as Master Servicer) of the Master Servicer’s obligations, duties or responsibilities thereunder.
Section 9.10 Due-on-Sale Clauses; Assumption Agreements.
To the extent provided in the Servicing Agreement, to the extent Mortgage Loans contain enforceable due-on-sale clauses, the Master Servicer shall cause the related Servicer to enforce such clauses in accordance with the Servicing Agreement.
If applicable law prohibits the enforcement of a due-on-sale clause or such clause is otherwise not enforced in accordance with the Servicing Agreement, and, as a consequence, a Mortgage Loan is assumed, the original Mortgagor may be released from liability in accordance with the Servicing Agreement.
Section 9.11 Release of Mortgage Files.
Upon any such payment in full, the Master Servicer is authorized, and the Servicer and the Subservicer, to the extent such authority is provided for under the Servicing Agreement, is authorized, to give, as agent for the Trustee, as the mortgagee under the Mortgage that secured the Mortgage Loan, an instrument of satisfaction (or assignment of mortgage without recourse) regarding the Mortgaged Property subject to the Mortgage, which instrument of satisfaction or assignment, as the case may be, shall be delivered to the Person or Persons entitled thereto against receipt therefor of such payment, it being understood and agreed that no expenses incurred in connection with such instrument of satisfaction or assignment, as the case may be, shall be chargeable to the Collection Account.
(b) From time to time and as appropriate for the servicing or foreclosure of any Mortgage Loan and in accordance with Accepted Servicing Practices and the Servicing Agreement, the Trustee shall execute such documents as shall be prepared and furnished to the Trustee by the Master Servicer, the Servicer or the Subservicer (in form reasonably acceptable to the Trustee) and as are necessary to the prosecution of any such proceedings.
Any funds received by the Master Servicer, the Servicer or the Subservicer in respect of any Mortgage Loan or which otherwise are collected by the Master Servicer, the Servicer or the Subservicer as Liquidation Proceeds or Insurance Proceeds in respect of any Mortgage Loan shall be held for the benefit of the Trustee and the Certificateholders subject to the Master Servicer’s right to retain or withdraw from the Collection Account the Master Servicing Fee and other amounts provided in this Agreement and to the right of the Servicer and the Subservicer to retain the Servicing Fee and other amounts as provided in the Servicing Agreement.
The Master Servicer shall, and shall (to the extent provided, in the Servicing Agreement) cause the Servicer or the Subservicer to, provide access to information and documentation regarding the Mortgage Loans to the Trustee, any NIMS Insurer, their respective agents and accountants at any time upon reasonable request134
Exhibit 4.5and during normal business hours, and to Certificateholders that are savings and loan associations, banks or insurance companies, the Office of Thrift Supervision, the FDIC and the supervisory agents and examiners of such Office and Corporation or examiners of any other federal or state banking or insurance regulatory authority if so required by applicable regulations of the Office of Thrift Supervision or other regulatory authority, such access to be afforded without charge but only upon reasonable request in writing and during normal business hours at the offices of the Master Servicer designated by it.
In fulfilling such a request the Master Servicer shall not be responsible for determining the sufficiency of such information.
(b) All Mortgage Files and funds collected or held by, or under the control of, the Master Servicer, the Servicer or the Subservicer in respect of any Mortgage Loans, whether from the collection of principal and interest payments or from Liquidation Proceeds or Insurance Proceeds, shall be held by the Master Servicer, the Servicer or the Subservicer for and on behalf of the Trustee and the Certificateholders and shall be and remain the sole and exclusive property of the Trustee; provided, however, that the Master Servicer, the Servicer or the Subservicer shall be entitled to setoff against, and deduct from, any such funds any amounts that are properly due and payable to the Master Servicer, the Servicer or the Subservicer under this Agreement or the Servicing Agreement and shall be authorized to remit such funds to the Trust Administrator in accordance with this Agreement.
(c) The Master Servicer hereby acknowledges that concurrently with the execution of this Agreement, the Trustee shall own or, to the extent that a court of competent jurisdiction shall deem the conveyance of the Mortgage Loans from the Seller to the Depositor not to constitute a sale, the Trustee shall have a security interest in the Mortgage Loans and in all Mortgage Files representing such Mortgage Loans and in all funds and investment property now or hereafter held by, or under the control of, the Servicer, the Subservicer or the Master Servicer that are collected by the Servicer, the Subservicer or the Master Servicer in connection with the Mortgage Loans, whether as scheduled installments of principal and interest or as full or partial prepayments of principal or interest or as Liquidation Proceeds or Insurance Proceeds or otherwise, and in all proceeds of the foregoing and proceeds of proceeds (but excluding any fee or other amounts to which the Servicer is entitled under the Servicing Agreement, or the Master Servicer or the Depositor is entitled to hereunder); and the Master Servicer agrees that so long as the Mortgage Loans are assigned to and held by the Trustee or any Custodian, all documents or instruments constituting part of the Mortgage Files, and such funds relating to the Mortgage Loans which come into the possession or custody of, or which are subject to the control of, the Master Servicer, the Servicer or the Subservicer shall be held by the Master Servicer, the Servicer or the Subservicer for and on behalf of the Trustee as the Trustee’s agent and bailee for purposes of perfecting the Trustee’s security interest therein as provided by the applicable Uniform Commercial Code or other applicable laws.
(d) The Master Servicer agrees that it shall not, and shall not authorize the Servicer or the Subservicer to, create, incur or subject any Mortgage Loans, or any funds that are deposited in any Custodial Account, Escrow Account or the Collection Account, or any funds that otherwise are or may become due or payable to the Trustee, to any claim, lien, security interest, judgment, levy, writ of attachment or other encumbrance, nor assert by legal action or otherwise any claim or right of setoff against any Mortgage Loan or any funds collected on, or in connection with, a Mortgage Loan.135
Exhibit 4.5          Section 9.13 Representations and Warranties of the Master Servicer.
(a) The Master Servicer hereby represents and warrants to the Depositor, any NIMS Insurer, the Trust Administrator and the Trustee, for the benefit of the Certificateholders, as of the Closing Date that:              (i) it is validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the state of its incorporation, and as Master Servicer has full power and authority to transact any and all business contemplated by this Agreement and to execute, deliver and comply with its obligations under the terms of this Agreement, the execution, delivery and performance of which have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action on the part of the Master Servicer;              (ii) the execution and delivery of this Agreement by the Master Servicer and its performance and compliance with the terms of this Agreement will not (A) violate the Master Servicer’s charter or bylaws, (B) violate any law or regulation or any administrative decree or order to which it is subject or (C) constitute a default (or an event which, with notice or lapse of time, or both, would constitute a default) under, or result in the breach of, any material contract, agreement or other instrument to which the Master Servicer is a party or by which it is bound or to which any of its assets are subject, which violation, default or breach would materially and adversely affect the Master Servicer’s ability to perform its obligations under this Agreement;             (iii) this Agreement constitutes, assuming due authorization, execution and delivery hereof by the other respective parties hereto, a legal, valid and binding obligation of the Master Servicer, enforceable against it in accordance with the terms hereof, except as such enforcement may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and other laws affecting the enforcement of creditors’ rights in general, and by general equity principles (regardless of whether such enforcement is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law);             (iv) the Master Servicer is not in default with respect to any order or decree of any court or any order or regulation of any federal, state, municipal or governmental agency to the extent that any such default would materially and adversely affect its performance hereunder;             (v) the Master Servicer is not a party to or bound by any agreement or instrument or subject to any charter provision, bylaw or any other corporate restriction or any judgment, order, writ, injunction, decree, law or regulation that may materially and adversely affect its ability as Master Servicer to perform its obligations under this Agreement or that requires the consent of any third person to the execution of this Agreement or the performance by the Master Servicer of its obligations under this Agreement;             (vi) no litigation is pending or, to the best of the Master Servicer’s knowledge, threatened against the Master Servicer which would prohibit its entering into this Agreement or performing its obligations under this Agreement;136
Exhibit 4.5             (vii) the Master Servicer, or an affiliate thereof the primary business of which is the servicing of conventional residential mortgage loans, is a FNMA- or FHLMC-approved seller/servicer;             (viii) no consent, approval, authorization or order of any court or governmental agency or body is required for the execution, delivery and performance by the Master Servicer of or compliance by the Master Servicer with this Agreement or the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, except for such consents, approvals, authorizations and orders (if any) as have been obtained;             (ix) the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are in the ordinary course of business of the Master Servicer;             (x) the Master Servicer has obtained an Errors and Omissions Insurance Policy and a Fidelity Bond in accordance with Section 9.02 each of which is in full force and effect, and each of which provides at least such coverage as is required hereunder; and             (xi) the information about the Master Servicer under the heading “The Master Servicer” in the Offering Documents relating to the Master Servicer does not include an untrue statement of a material fact and does not omit to state a material fact, with respect to the statements made, necessary in order to make the statements in light of the circumstances under which they were made not misleading.
(b) It is understood and agreed that the representations and warranties set forth in this Section 9.13 shall survive the execution and delivery of this Agreement.
The Master Servicer shall indemnify the Depositor, the Trust Administrator, the Trustee and any NIMS Insurer and hold them harmless against any loss, damages, penalties, fines, forfeitures, legal fees and related costs, judgments, and other costs and expenses resulting from any claim, demand, defense or assertion based on or grounded upon, or resulting from, a breach of the Master Servicer’s representations and warranties contained in Section 9.13(a).
It is understood and agreed that the enforcement of the obligation of the Master Servicer set forth in this Section to indemnify the Depositor, the Trustee, the Trust Administrator and any NIMS Insurer as provided in this Section constitutes the sole remedy (other than as set forth in Section 6.14) of the Depositor, the Trustee, the Trust Administrator and any NIMS Insurer, respecting a breach of the foregoing representations and warranties.
Any cause of action against the Master Servicer relating to or arising out of the breach of any representations and warranties made in this Section shall accrue upon discovery of such breach by either the Depositor, the Master Servicer, the Trustee or any NIMS Insurer or notice, thereof by any one of such parties to the other parties.
Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, the Master Servicer shall not be liable for special, indirect or consequential losses or damages of any kind whatsoever (including, but not limited to, lost profits).137
Exhibit 4.5          (c) It is understood and agreed that the representations and warranties of the Depositor set forth in Sections 2.03(a)(i) through (vi) shall survive the execution and delivery of this Agreement.
The Depositor shall indemnify the Master Servicer and hold each harmless against any loss, damages, penalties, fines, forfeitures, legal fees and related costs, judgments, and other costs and expenses resulting from any claim, demand, defense or assertion based on or grounded upon, or resulting from, a breach of the Depositor’s representations and warranties contained in Sections 2.03(a)(i) through (vi) hereof.
It is understood and agreed that the enforcement of the obligation of the Depositor set forth in this Section to indemnify the Master Servicer as provided in this Section constitutes the sole remedy hereunder of the Master Servicer respecting a breach by the Depositor of the representations and warranties in Sections 2.03(a)(i) through (vi) hereof.
Any cause of action against the Master Servicer relating to or arising out of the breach of any representations and warranties made in this Section shall accrue upon discovery of such breach by either the Depositor, the Master Servicer, the Trustee or any NIMS Insurer or notice thereof by any one of such parties to the other parties.
Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, the Master Servicer shall not be liable for special, indirect or consequential losses or damages of any kind whatsoever (including, but not limited to, lost profits).
Section 9.14 Opinion.
Section 9.15 Standard Hazard and Flood Insurance Policies.
For each Mortgage Loan other than a Cooperative Loan, the Master Servicer shall maintain, or cause to be maintained by the Servicer, standard fire and casualty insurance and, where applicable, flood insurance, all in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement and the Servicing Agreement, as applicable.
It is understood and agreed that such insurance shall be with insurers meeting the eligibility requirements set forth in the Servicing Agreement and that no earthquake or other additional insurance is to be required of any Mortgagor or to be maintained on property acquired in respect of a defaulted loan, other than pursuant to such applicable laws and regulations as shall at any time be in force and as shall require such additional insurance.
Pursuant to Section 4.01, any amounts collected by the Master Servicer, or by the Servicer, under any insurance policies maintained pursuant to this Section 9.16 or the Servicing Agreement (other than amounts to be applied to the restoration or repair of the property subject to the related Mortgage or released to the Mortgagor in accordance with the Servicing Agreement) shall be deposited into the Collection Account, subject to withdrawal pursuant to Section 4.02.
Any cost incurred by the Master Servicer or the Servicer in maintaining any such insurance if the Mortgagor defaults in its obligation to do so shall be added to the amount owing138
Exhibit 4.5under the Mortgage Loan where the terms of the Mortgage Loan so permit; provided, however, that the addition of any such cost shall not be taken into account for purposes of calculating the distributions to be made to Certificateholders and shall be recoverable by the Master Servicer, the Servicer or the Subservicer pursuant to Section 4.02.
Section 9.16 Presentment of Claims and Collection of Proceeds.
The Master Servicer shall cause the Servicer or the Subservicer (to the extent provided in the Servicing Agreement) to, prepare and present on behalf of the Trustee and the Certificateholders all claims under the Insurance Policies with respect to the Mortgage Loans, and take such actions (including the negotiation, settlement, compromise or enforcement of the insured’s claim) as shall be necessary to realize recovery under such policies.
Any proceeds disbursed to the Master Servicer (or disbursed to the Servicer or the Subservicer and remitted to the Master Servicer) in respect of such policies or bonds shall be promptly deposited in the Collection Account or the Custodial Account upon receipt, except that any amounts realized that are to be applied to the repair or restoration of the related Mortgaged Property as a condition requisite to the presentation of claims on the related Mortgage Loan to the insurer under any applicable Insurance Policy need not be so deposited (or remitted).
Section 9.17 [Reserved].
Section 9.18 Trustee To Retain Possession of Certain Insurance Policies and Documents.
The Trustee (or the Custodian on behalf of the Trustee) shall retain possession and custody of the originals of the Primary Mortgage Insurance Policies or certificate of insurance if applicable and any certificates of renewal as to the foregoing as may be issued from time to time as contemplated by this Agreement.
Until all amounts distributable in respect of the Certificates have been distributed in full and the Master Servicer otherwise has fulfilled its obligations under this Agreement, the Trustee (or the Custodian) shall also retain possession and custody of each Mortgage File in accordance with and subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement.
Section 9.19 [Reserved]          Section 9.20 Compensation to the Master Servicer.
The Master Servicer shall be entitled to be paid from funds in the Collection Account, subject to Section 5.05, the Master Servicing Fee to the extent permitted by Section 4.02.
Servicing compensation in the form of assumption fees, if any, late payment charges, as collected, if any, or otherwise (but not including any Prepayment Premium) shall be for the benefit of the Master Servicer (or the Servicer) and shall not be deposited in the Collection Account.
The Master Servicer shall be required to pay all expenses incurred by it in connection with its activities hereunder and shall not be entitled to reimbursement therefor except as provided in this Agreement.
Pursuant to Section 4.01(e), all income and gain realized from any investment of funds in the Collection Account shall be for the benefit of the Master Servicer as compensation.
The provisions of this Section 9.20 are subject to the provisions of Section 6.14.
Section 9.21 REO Property.
(a) In the event the Trust Fund acquires ownership of any REO Property in respect of any Mortgage Loan, the deed or certificate of sale shall be issued to the Trustee, or to its nominee, on behalf of the Certificateholders.
The Master Servicer shall use its reasonable best efforts to sell, or cause the Servicer, to the extent provided in the Servicing Agreement any REO Property as expeditiously as possible and in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement and the Servicing Agreement, as applicable, but in all events within the time period, and subject to the conditions set forth in Article X hereof.
Pursuant to its efforts to sell such REO Property, the Master Servicer shall protect and conserve, or cause the Servicer to protect and conserve, such REO Property in the manner and to such extent required by the Servicing Agreement, subject to Article X hereof.
(c) The Master Servicer, the Servicer and the Subservicer, upon the final disposition of any REO Property, shall be entitled to reimbursement for any related unreimbursed Advances and other unreimbursed advances as well as any unpaid Master Servicing Fees or Servicing Fees from Liquidation Proceeds received in connection with the final disposition of such REO Property; provided, that (without limitation of any other right of reimbursement that the Master Servicer, the Servicer or the Subservicer shall have hereunder) any such unreimbursed Advances as well as any unpaid Net Master Servicing Fees or Servicing Fees may be reimbursed or paid, as the case maybe, prior to final disposition, out of any net rental income or other net amounts derived from such REO Property.
Section 9.22 [Reserved].
Section 9.23 Reports to the Trustee.
Exhibit 4.5required by this Agreement have been made (or if any required distribution has not been made by the Trust Administrator, specifying the nature and status thereof) and showing, for the period covered by such statement, the aggregate of deposits into and withdrawals from the Collection Account.
(c) All information, reports and statements prepared by the Master Servicer under this Agreement shall be based on information supplied to the Master Servicer by the Servicer or the Subservicer without independent verification thereof and the Master Servicer shall be entitled to rely, on such information.
Section 9.24 Annual Statement of Compliance with Applicable Servicing Criteria.
Section 9.25 Assessment of Compliance and Attestation Reports.
Exhibit 4.5fiscal year covered by the Form 10-K required to be filed pursuant to Section 6.20(c), including, if there has been any material instance of noncompliance with the Relevant Servicing Criteria, a discussion of each such failure and the nature and status thereof, and (D) a statement that a registered public accounting firm has issued an attestation report on such party’s assessment of compliance with the Relevant Servicing Criteria as of and for such period.
Promptly after receipt of each such report on assessment of compliance, the Trust Administrator shall confirm that the assessments, taken as a whole, address all of the Servicing Criteria and taken individually address the Relevant Servicing Criteria for each party as set forth on Exhibit L and notify the Depositor of any exceptions.
In the event that an overall opinion cannot be expressed, such registered public accounting firm shall state in such report why it was unable to express such an opinion.
Such report must be available for general use and not contain restricted use language.
Except as otherwise provided in Sections 9.26 and 9.28 hereof, the Master Servicer shall not resign from the obligations and duties hereby imposed on it unless it determines that the Master Servicer’s duties hereunder are no longer permissible under applicable law or are in material conflict by reason of applicable law with any other activities carried on by it and cannot142
Exhibit 4.5be cured.
Any such determination permitting the resignation of the Master Servicer shall be evidenced by an Opinion of Counsel that shall be Independent to such effect delivered to the Trustee and any NIMS Insurer.
No such resignation shall become effective until the Trust Administrator shall have assumed, or a successor master servicer acceptable to any NIMS Insurer and the Trust Administrator shall have been appointed by the Trustee and until such successor shall have assumed, the Master Servicer’s responsibilities and obligations under this Agreement.
Section 9.27 Assignment or Delegation of Duties by the Master Servicer.
Except as expressly provided herein, the Master Servicer shall not assign or transfer any of its rights, benefits or privileges hereunder to any other Person, or delegate to or subcontract with, or authorize or appoint any other Person to perform any of the duties, covenants or obligations to be performed by the Master Servicer hereunder; provided, however, that the Master Servicer shall have the right without the prior written consent of the Trustee, any NIMS Insurer or the Depositor to delegate or assign to or subcontract with or authorize or appoint an Affiliate of the Master Servicer to perform and carry out any duties, covenants or obligations to be performed and carried out by the Master Servicer hereunder.
In no case, however, shall any such delegation, subcontracting or assignment to an Affiliate of the Master Servicer relieve the Master Servicer of any liability hereunder.
If, pursuant to any provision hereof, the duties of the Master Servicer are transferred to a successor master servicer, the entire amount of the Master Servicing Fees and other compensation payable to the Master Servicer pursuant hereto, including amounts payable to or permitted to be retained or withdrawn by the Master Servicer pursuant to Section 9.21 hereof, shall thereafter be payable to such successor master servicer.
Section 9.28 Limitation on Liability of the Master Servicer and Others.
(a) The Master Servicer undertakes to perform such duties and only such duties as are specifically set forth in this Agreement.
(b) No provision of this Agreement shall be construed to relieve the Master Servicer from liability for its own negligent action, its own negligent failure to act or its own willful misconduct; provided, however, that the duties and obligations of the Master Servicer shall be determined solely by the express provisions of this Agreement, the Master Servicer shall not be liable except for the performance of such duties and obligations as are specifically set forth in this Agreement; no implied covenants or obligations shall be read into this Agreement against the Master Servicer and, in absence of bad faith on the part of the Master Servicer, the Master Servicer may conclusively rely, as to the truth of the statements and the correctness of the opinions expressed therein, upon any certificates or opinions furnished to the Master Servicer and conforming to the requirements of this Agreement.
(c) Neither the Master Servicer nor any of the directors, officers, employees or agents of the Master Servicer shall be under any liability to the Trustee or the Certificateholders for any action taken or for refraining from the taking of any action in good faith pursuant to this143
Exhibit 4.5Agreement, or for errors in judgment; provided, however, that this provision shall not protect the Master Servicer or any such person against any liability that would otherwise be imposed by reason of willful misfeasance, bad faith or negligence in its performance of its duties or by reason of reckless disregard for its obligations and duties under this Agreement.
The Master Servicer and any director, officer, employee or agent of the Master Servicer shall be entitled to indemnification by the Trust Fund and will be held harmless against any loss, liability or expense incurred in connection with any legal action relating to this Agreement or the Certificates other than any loss, liability or expense incurred by reason of willful misfeasance, bad faith or negligence in the performance of his or its duties hereunder or by reason of reckless disregard of his or its obligations and duties hereunder.
The Master Servicer and any director, officer, employee or agent of the Master Servicer may rely in good faith on any document of any kind prima facie properly executed and submitted by any Person respecting any matters arising hereunder.
The Master Servicer shall be under no obligation to appear in, prosecute or defend any legal action that is not incidental to its duties to master service the Mortgage Loans in accordance with this Agreement and that in its opinion may involve it in any expenses or liability; provided, however, that the Master Servicer may in its sole discretion undertake any such action that it may deem necessary or desirable in respect to this Agreement and the rights and duties of the parties hereto and the interests of the Certificateholders hereunder.
In such event, the legal expenses and costs of such action and any liability resulting therefrom shall be expenses, costs and liabilities of the Trust Fund and the Master Servicer shall be entitled to be reimbursed therefor out of the Collection Account it maintains as provided by Section 4.02.
The Master Servicer shall not be liable for any acts or omissions of the Servicer.
In particular, the Master Servicer shall not be liable for any course of action taken by the Servicer with respect to loss mitigation of defaulted Mortgage Loans.
Section 9.29 Indemnification; Third-Party Claims.
The Master Servicer agrees to indemnify the Depositor, the Trustee, the Trust Administrator and any NIMS Insurer, and hold them harmless against any and all claims, losses, penalties, fines, forfeitures, legal fees and related costs, judgments, and any other costs, liability, fees and expenses that the Depositor, the Trustee, the Trust Administrator or any NIMS Insurer may sustain as a result of the failure of the Master Servicer to perform its duties and master service the Mortgage Loans in compliance with the terms of this Agreement.
The Depositor, the Trustee, the Trust Administrator and any NIMS Insurer shall immediately notify the Master Servicer if a claim is made by a third party with respect to this Agreement or the Mortgage Loans entitling the Depositor, the Trustee or any NIMS Insurer to indemnification hereunder, whereupon the Master Servicer shall assume the defense of any such claim and pay all expenses in connection therewith, including counsel fees, and promptly pay, discharge and satisfy any judgment or decree which may be entered against it or them in respect of such claim.
Section 9.30 Special Servicing of Delinquent Mortgage Loans.
If permitted under the terms of the Servicing Agreement, the Seller may appoint, pursuant to the terms of the Servicing Agreement and with the written consent of the Depositor, the Master Servicer, the Trustee, the Trust Administrator and any NIMS Insurer, a Special Servicer to special service any Distressed Mortgage Loans.
Any fees paid to any such Special Servicer shall not exceed the Servicing Fee Rate.
Section 9.31 Alternative Index.
In the event that the Index for any Mortgage Loan, as specified in the related Mortgage Note, becomes unavailable for any reason, the Master Servicer shall select an alternative index, which in all cases shall be an index that constitutes a qualified rate on a regular interest under the REMIC Provisions, in accordance with the terms of such Mortgage Note or, if such Mortgage Note does not make provision for the selection of an alternative index in such event, the Master Servicer shall, subject to applicable law, select an alternative index based on information comparable to that used in connection with the original Index and, in either case, such alternative index shall thereafter be the Index for such Mortgage Loan.
Section 9.32 [Reserved].
Section 9.33 [Reserved].
Section 9.34 [Reserved].ARTICLE XREMIC ADMINISTRATION          Section 10.01 REMIC Administration.
(a) REMIC elections as set forth in the Preliminary Statement shall be made on Forms 1066 or other appropriate federal tax or information return for the taxable year ending on the last day of the calendar year in which the Certificates are issued.
The regular interests and residual interest in each REMIC shall be as designated in the Preliminary Statement.
(b) The Closing Date is hereby designated as the “Startup Day” of each REMIC within the meaning of section 860G(a)(9) of the Code.
(c) The Trust Administrator shall represent the Trust Fund in any administrative or judicial proceeding relating to an examination or audit by any governmental taxing authority with respect thereto.
The Trust Administrator shall pay any and all tax related expenses (not including taxes) of each REMIC, including but not limited to any professional fees or expenses related to audits or any administrative or judicial proceedings with respect to such REMIC that involve the Internal Revenue Service or state tax authorities, but only to the extent that (i) such expenses are ordinary or routine expenses, including expenses of a routine audit but not expenses of litigation (except as described in (ii)); or (ii) such expenses or liabilities (including taxes and penalties) are attributable to the negligence or willful misconduct of the Trust Administrator in fulfilling its duties hereunder (including its duties as tax return preparer).
The Trust Administrator shall be entitled to reimbursement of expenses to the extent provided in clause (i) above from the Trust Administration Account, provided, however, the Trust Administrator shall145
Exhibit 4.5not be entitled to reimbursement for expenses incurred in connection with the preparation of tax returns and other reports as required by Section 6.20 and this Section.
The expenses of preparing and filing such returns shall be borne by the Trust Administrator.
(e) The Trust Administrator or its designee shall perform on behalf of each REMIC all reporting and other tax compliance duties that are the responsibility of such REMIC under the Code, the REMIC Provisions, or other compliance guidance issued by the Internal Revenue Service or any state or local taxing authority.
(f) The Trustee, the Trust Administrator, the Master Servicer and the Holders of Certificates shall take any action or cause any REMIC to take any action necessary to create or maintain the status of any REMIC as a REMIC under the REMIC Provisions and shall assist each other as necessary to create or maintain such status.
Neither the Trustee, the Trust Administrator, the Master Servicer nor the Holder of any Residual Certificate shall knowingly take any action, cause any REMIC to take any action or fail to take (or fail to cause to be taken) any action that, under the REMIC Provisions, if taken or not taken, as the case may be, could result in an Adverse REMIC Event unless the Trustee, the Trust Administrator, any NIMS Insurer and the Master Servicer have received an Opinion of Counsel addressed to the Trustee (at the expense of the party seeking to take such action) to the effect that the contemplated action will not result in an Adverse REMIC Event.
In addition, prior to taking any action with respect to any REMIC or the assets therein, or causing any REMIC to take any action, which is not expressly permitted under the terms of this Agreement, any Holder of a Residual Certificate will consult with the Trustee, the Trust Administrator, the Master Servicer, any NIMS Insurer or their respective designees, in writing, with respect to whether such action could cause an Adverse REMIC Event to occur with respect to any REMIC, and no such Person shall take any such action or cause any REMIC to take any such action as to which the Trustee, the Trust Administrator, the Master Servicer or any NIMS Insurer has advised it in writing that an Adverse REMIC Event could occur.
(g) Each Holder of a Residual Certificate shall pay when due any and all taxes imposed on the related REMIC by federal or state governmental authorities.
To the extent that such taxes are not paid by a Residual Certificateholder, the Trustee shall pay any remaining REMIC taxes out of current or future amounts otherwise distributable to the Holder of the Residual Certificate in any such REMIC or, if no such amounts are available, out of other146
Exhibit 4.5amounts held in the Collection Account, and shall reduce amounts otherwise payable to holders of regular interests in any such REMIC, as the case may be.
(h) The Trust Administrator shall, for federal income tax purposes, maintain books and records with respect to each REMIC on a calendar year and on an accrual basis.
(i) No additional contributions of assets shall be made to any REMIC, except as expressly provided in this Agreement.
(l) The Basis Risk Reserve Fund shall be treated as an outside reserve fund within the meaning of Treasury Regulation Section l.860G-2(h) that is owned by the Holder of the Class X Certificate and that is not an asset of any REMIC, and all amounts deposited into the Basis Risk Reserve Fund shall be treated as amounts distributed to the Class X Certificateholder.
The rights of the holders of LIBOR Certificates to receive payments from the Basis Risk Reserve Fund shall be treated as rights in an interest rate cap contract written by the holder of the Class X Certificate in favor of the holders of the LIBOR Certificates.
Thus, each LIBOR Certificate shall be treated as representing not only ownership of regular interests in REMIC 4, but also ownership of an interest in an interest rate cap contract.
(m) In addition, for purposes of the REMIC Provisions, with respect to any REMIC Capped Distribution Date: (i) the Certificate Interest Rate for each Class of Certificates, other than the Class R Certificates, shall be the REMIC Capped Rate; and (ii) any amounts distributed on such Certificates on such REMIC Capped Distribution Date in excess of the REMIC Capped Rate shall be deemed to have been paid by the Class X Certificateholder pursuant to a notional principal contract.
For tax purposes, the notional principal contract shall be deemed to have a nominal value.
Section 10.02 Prohibited Transactions and Activities.
Exhibit 4.5the distribution of interest or principal on the Certificates or (c) result in the encumbrance of the assets transferred or assigned to the Trust Fund (except pursuant to the provisions of this Agreement).
Section 10.03 Indemnification with Respect to Certain Taxes and Loss of REMIC Status.
Upon the occurrence of an Adverse REMIC Event due to the negligent performance by the Trustee or the Trust Administrator, as applicable, of its duties and obligations set forth herein, the Trustee or the Trust Administrator, as applicable, shall indemnify any NIMS Insurer, the Holder of the related Residual Certificate or the Trust Fund, as applicable, against any and all losses, claims, damages, liabilities or expenses (“Losses”) resulting from such negligence; provided, however, that neither the Trustee nor the Trust Administrator shall be liable for any such Losses attributable to the action or inaction of the Master Servicer, the Depositor, the Class X Certificateholder, the Holder of such Residual Certificate or the Trust Administrator (with regard to the Trustee), as applicable, nor for any such Losses resulting from misinformation provided by the Holder of such Residual Certificate on which the Trust Administrator has relied.
The foregoing shall not be deemed to limit or restrict the rights and remedies of the Holder of such Residual Certificate now or hereafter existing at law or in equity.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, however, in no event shall the Trustee or the Trust Administrator, as applicable, have any liability (1) for any action or omission that is taken in accordance with and in compliance with the express terms of, or which is expressly permitted by the terms of, this Agreement or the Servicing Agreement, (2) for any Losses other than arising out of a negligent performance by the Trustee or the Trust Administrator, as applicable, of its duties and obligations set forth herein, and (3) for any special or consequential damages to Certificateholders (in addition to payment of principal and interest on the Certificates).
In addition, neither the Trustee nor the Trust Administrator shall have any liability for the actions or failure to act of the other.
Section 10.04 REO Property.
(a) Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, the Master Servicer, acting on behalf of the Trustee hereunder, shall not, except to the extent provided in the Servicing Agreement, knowingly permit the Servicer to, rent, lease, or otherwise earn income on behalf of any REMIC with respect to any REO Property which might cause an Adverse REMIC Event unless the Master Servicer has advised, or has caused the applicable Servicer to advise, the Trustee and any NIMS Insurer in writing to the effect that, under the REMIC Provisions, such action would not result in an Adverse REMIC Event.
(b) The Master Servicer shall cause the applicable Servicer (to the extent provided in its Servicing Agreement) to make reasonable efforts to sell any REO Property for its fair market value.
Exhibit 4.5Period”).
This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and permitted assigns.
Section 11.02 Entire Agreement.
This Agreement contains the entire agreement and understanding among the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof, and supersedes all prior and contemporaneous agreements, understandings, inducements and conditions, express or implied, oral or written, of any nature whatsoever with respect to the subject matter hereof.
The express terms hereof control and supersede any course of performance and/or usage of the trade inconsistent with any of the terms hereof.
Section 11.03 Amendment.
(a) This Agreement may be amended from time to time by the Depositor, the Master Servicer, the Trust Administrator and the Trustee, with the consent of any NIMS Insurer, (i) to cure any ambiguity, (ii) to cause the provisions herein to conform to or be consistent with or in furtherance of the statements made with respect to the Certificates, the Trust Fund or this Agreement in any Offering Document, or to correct or supplement any provision herein which may be inconsistent with any other provisions herein or with the provisions of the Servicing Agreement, (iii) to make any other provisions with respect to matters or questions arising under this Agreement or (iv) to add, delete, or amend any provisions to the extent necessary or desirable to comply with any requirements imposed by the Code and the REMIC Provisions.
No such amendment effected pursuant to the preceding sentence shall, as evidenced by an Opinion of Counsel, result in an Adverse REMIC Event, nor shall such amendment effected pursuant to clause (iii) of such sentence adversely affect in any material respect the interests of any Holder.
Prior to entering into any amendment without the consent of Holders pursuant to this paragraph, the Trustee and any NIMS Insurer shall be provided with an Opinion of Counsel addressed to the Trustee and any NIMS Insurer (at the expense of the party requesting such amendment) to the effect that such amendment is permitted under this Section.
Any such amendment shall be deemed not to adversely affect in any material respect any Holder, if the Trustee receives written149
Exhibit 4.5confirmation from each Rating Agency that such amendment will not cause such Rating Agency to reduce the then current rating assigned to the Certificates.
(b) This Agreement may also be amended from time to time by the Depositor, the Master Servicer, the Trust Administrator and the Trustee, with the consent of any NIMS Insurer, and with the consent of the Holders of not less than 66-2/3% of the Class Principal Amount (or Percentage Interest) of each Class of Certificates affected thereby for the purpose of adding any provisions to or changing in any manner or eliminating any of the provisions of this Agreement or of modifying in any manner the rights of the Holders; provided, however, that no such amendment shall be made unless the Trustee and any NIMS Insurer receives an Opinion of Counsel addressed to the Trustee and the NIMS Insurer, at the expense of the party requesting the change, that such change will not cause an Adverse REMIC Event; and provided further, that no such amendment may (i) reduce in any manner the amount of, or delay the timing of, payments received on Mortgage Loans which are required to be distributed on any Certificate, without the consent of the Holder of such Certificate or (ii) reduce the aforesaid percentages of Class Principal Amount or Class Notional Amount (or Percentage Interest) of Certificates of each Class, the Holders of which are required to consent to any such amendment without the consent of the Holders of 100% of the Class Principal Amount or Class Notional Amount (or Percentage Interest) of each Class of Certificates affected thereby.
For purposes of this paragraph, references to “Holder” or “Holders” shall be deemed to include, in the case of any Class of Book-Entry Certificates, the related Certificate Owners.
(d) It shall not be necessary for the consent of Holders under this Section 11.03 to approve the particular form of any proposed amendment, but it shall be sufficient if such consent shall approve the substance thereof.
The manner of obtaining such consents and of evidencing the authorization of the execution thereof by Holders shall be subject to such reasonable regulations as the Trustee may prescribe.
(e) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Servicing Agreement, the Trustee shall not consent to any amendment of the Servicing Agreement except pursuant to the standards provided in this Section with respect to amendment of this Agreement.
Section 11.04 Voting Rights.
Except to the extent that the consent of all affected Certificateholders is required pursuant to this Agreement, with respect to any provision of this Agreement requiring the consent of Certificateholders representing specified percentages of aggregate outstanding Certificate Principal Amount or Class Notional Amount (or Percentage Interest), Certificates owned by the Depositor, the Master Servicer, the Trust Administrator, the Trustee, the Servicer or Affiliates thereof are not to be counted so long as such Certificates are owned by the Depositor, the Master Servicer, the Trust Administrator, the Trustee, the Servicer or any Affiliate thereof.150
Exhibit 4.5          Section 11.05 Provision of Information.
(a) For so long as any of the Certificates of any Series or Class are “restricted securities” within the meaning of Rule 144(a)(3) under the Act, each of the Depositor, the Master Servicer and the Trust Administrator agree to cooperate with each other to provide to any Certificateholders, any NIM Security holder and to any prospective purchaser of Certificates designated by such holder, upon the request of such holder or prospective purchaser, any information required to be provided to such holder or prospective purchaser to satisfy the condition set forth in Rule l44A(d)(4) under the Act.
Any reasonable, out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Trustee or the Trust Administrator in providing such information shall be reimbursed by the Depositor.
Any reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Trust Administrator in providing copies of such documents shall be reimbursed by the Depositor.
Section 11.06 Governing Law.
Section 11.07 Notices.
Section 11.08 Severability of Provisions.
If any one or more of the covenants, agreements, provisions or terms of this Agreement shall be for any reason whatsoever held invalid, then such covenants, agreements, provisions or terms shall be deemed severable from the remaining covenants, agreements, provisions or terms of this Agreement and shall in no way affect the validity or enforceability of the other provisions of this Agreement or of the Certificates or the rights of the Holders thereof.
Neither the failure nor any delay on the part of a party to exercise any right, remedy, power or privilege under this Agreement shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any right, remedy, power or privilege preclude any other or further exercise of the same or of any other right, remedy, power or privilege, nor shall any waiver of any right, remedy, power or privilege with respect to any occurrence be construed as a waiver of such right, remedy, power or privilege with respect to any other occurrence.
Section 11.10 Headings Not To Affect Interpretation.
The headings contained in this Agreement are for convenience of reference only, and they shall not be used in the interpretation hereof.
Section 11.11 Benefits of Agreement.
Thereafter, the NIMS Insurer shall be deemed a third-party beneficiary of this Agreement to the same extent as if it were a party hereto, and shall have the right to enforce the provisions of this Agreement so long as the NIMS Securities remaining outstanding or the NIMS Insurer is owed amounts in respect of its guarantee of payment of such NIMS Securities.
Nothing in this Agreement or in the Certificates, express or implied, shall give to any Person, other than the parties to this Agreement and their successors hereunder, the Holders of the Certificates and the NIMS Insurer, any benefit or any legal or equitable right, power, remedy or claim under this Agreement, except to the extent specified in Section 11.15.
Section 11.12 Special Notices to the Rating Agencies and any NIMS Insurer.
In addition, the Trust Administrator shall, at the expense of the Trust Fund, make available to each Rating Agency such information as such Rating Agency may reasonably request regarding the Certificates or the Trust Fund, to the extent that such information is reasonably available to the Trust Administrator.
Section 11.13 Conflicts.
To the extent that the terms of this Agreement conflict with the terms of the Servicing Agreement, the Servicing Agreement shall govern.153
Exhibit 4.5          Section 11.14 Counterparts.
This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original, and all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument.
Section 11.15 Transfer of Servicing.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the prior Servicer shall be obligated to perform the items listed above to the extent provided in the Servicing Agreement.
Section 11.16 Option to Contribute Derivative Instrument.
The derivative may have a notional amount in excess of the sum of the beneficial interests in the trusts.
Any such instrument shall constitute a fully prepaid agreement.
In no event shall such an instrument constitute a part of any REMIC created hereunder.
In addition, in the event any such instrument is deposited, the Trust shall be deemed to be divided into two separate and discrete sub-trusts.
The assets of one such sub-trust shall consist of all the assets of the Trust other than the Derivative Instrument and the assets of the other sub-trust shall consist solely of such instrument.
The Trust Administrator shall have no tax reporting duties with respect to any such Derivative Instrument or any related Sub-trust.
(b) Notwithstanding paragraph (a) above, in the event of the conveyance by the Seller of the Class X Certificates to a trust established for the issuance of a series of NIMS Securities, the Seller shall no longer have the right to deposit a Derivative Instrument into the Trust.
For purposes hereof, “NIMS Securities” are securities that evidence an interest in, or are secured by, distributions on the Class X Certificate.
Section 11.17 Ability to Exercise Discretion with Respect to Defaulted Loans.
(a) In managing the liquidation of defaulted Mortgage Loans, Fieldstone Mortgage Company, in its capacity as Servicer, will have sole discretion, subject to the terms of the Servicing Agreement, to sell defaulted Mortgage Loans.
However, if NIMS Securities are issued155
Exhibit 4.5that are secured by all or a portion of the Class X Certificates, the servicing activities of Fieldstone Mortgages Company will conform to the provisions of the Servicing Agreement and Fieldstone Mortgage Company’s applicable standard policies and procedures and Fieldstone Mortgage Company’s ability to sell defaulted Mortgage Loans will cease.156
Exhibit 4.5                    IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused their names to be signed hereto by their respective officers hereunto duly authorized as of the day and year first above written.
Exhibit 4.5EXHIBIT AFORMS OF CERTIFICATES
Exhibit 4.5          THIS CERTIFIES THAT CEDE & CO. is the registered owner of the Percentage Interest evidenced by this Certificate (obtained by dividing the Initial Certificate Principal Amount of this Certificate by the Initial Class Principal Amount of the Class 1-A Certificates, both as specified above) evidencing beneficial ownership in a Trust Fund consisting primarily of (i) certain conventional, first and second lien, adjustable and fixed rate, fully amortizing and balloon, residential mortgage loans acquired by the Trust Fund (the “Mortgage Loans”), together with all collections therefrom and proceeds thereof (excluding all scheduled payments of principal and interest due on the Mortgage Loans on or before the Cut-off Date), (ii) any REO Property, together with all collections thereon and proceeds thereof, (iii) the Depositor’s rights under the Mortgage Loan Purchase Agreement (including any security interest created thereby), (iv) the Depositor’s rights under any Insurance Policies related to the Mortgage Loans, (v) amounts on deposit from time to time in the Collection Account and the Basis Risk Reserve Fund and (vi) amounts, if any, payable to the Trust Fund under any Interest Rate Cap Agreement.
All sums distributable on this Certificate are payable in the coin or currency of the United States of America which at the time of payment is legal tender for the payment of public and private debts.
Reference is hereby made to the further provisions of this Certificate set forth on the reverse hereof, which shall have the same effect as though fully set forth on the face of this Certificate.
Unless the certificate of authentication hereon has been executed by or on behalf of the Trust Administrator, whose name appears below by manual signature, this Certificate shall not be entitled to any benefit under the Trust Agreement or be valid for any purpose.
Exhibit 4.5          IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Trust Administrator has caused this Certificate to be duly executed.
Exhibit 4.5          THIS CERTIFIES THAT CEDE & CO. is the registered owner of the Percentage Interest evidenced by this Certificate (obtained by dividing the Initial Certificate Principal Amount of this Certificate by the Initial Class Principal Amount of the Class 2-A1 Certificates, both as specified above) evidencing beneficial ownership in a Trust Fund consisting primarily of (i) certain conventional, first and second lien, adjustable and fixed rate, fully amortizing and balloon, residential mortgage loans acquired by the Trust Fund (the “Mortgage Loans”), together with all collections therefrom and proceeds thereof (excluding all scheduled payments of principal and interest due on the Mortgage Loans on or before the Cut-off Date), (ii) any REO Property, together with all collections thereon and proceeds thereof, (iii) the Depositor’s rights under the Mortgage Loan Purchase Agreement (including any security interest created thereby), (iv) the Depositor’s rights under any Insurance Policies related to the Mortgage Loans, (v) amounts on deposit from time to time in the Collection Account and the Basis Risk Reserve Fund and (vi) amounts, if any, payable to the Trust Fund under any Interest Rate Cap Agreement.
All sums distributable on this Certificate are payable in the coin or currency of the United States of America which at the time of payment is legal tender for the payment of public and private debts.
Reference is hereby made to the further provisions of this Certificate set forth on the reverse hereof, which shall have the same effect as though fully set forth on the face of this Certificate.
Unless the certificate of authentication hereon has been executed by or on behalf of the Trust Administrator, whose name appears below by manual signature, this Certificate shall not be entitled to any benefit under the Trust Agreement or be valid for any purpose.
Exhibit 4.5          IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Trust Administrator has caused this Certificate to be duly executed.
Exhibit 4.5          THIS CERTIFIES THAT CEDE & CO. is the registered owner of the Percentage Interest evidenced by this Certificate (obtained by dividing the Initial Certificate Principal Amount of this Certificate by the Initial Class Principal Amount of the Class 2-A2 Certificates, both as specified above) evidencing beneficial ownership in a Trust Fund consisting primarily of (i) certain conventional, first and second lien, adjustable and fixed rate, fully amortizing and balloon, residential mortgage loans acquired by the Trust Fund (the “Mortgage Loans”), together with all collections therefrom and proceeds thereof (excluding all scheduled payments of principal and interest due on the Mortgage Loans on or before the Cut-off Date), (ii) any REO Property, together with all collections thereon and proceeds thereof, (iii) the Depositor’s rights under the Mortgage Loan Purchase Agreement (including any security interest created thereby), (iv) the Depositor’s rights under any Insurance Policies related to the Mortgage Loans, (v) amounts on deposit from time to time in the Collection Account and the Basis Risk Reserve Fund and (vi) amounts, if any, payable to the Trust Fund under any Interest Rate Cap Agreement.
All sums distributable on this Certificate are payable in the coin or currency of the United States of America which at the time of payment is legal tender for the payment of public and private debts.
Reference is hereby made to the further provisions of this Certificate set forth on the reverse hereof, which shall have the same effect as though fully set forth on the face of this Certificate.
Unless the certificate of authentication hereon has been executed by or on behalf of the Trust Administrator, whose name appears below by manual signature, this Certificate shall not be entitled to any benefit under the Trust Agreement or be valid for any purpose.
Exhibit 4.5          IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Trust Administrator has caused this Certificate to be duly executed.
Exhibit 4.5          THIS CERTIFIES THAT CEDE & CO. is the registered owner of the Percentage Interest evidenced by this Certificate (obtained by dividing the Initial Notional Amount of this Certificate by the Initial Class Notional Amount of the Class A-IO Certificates, both as specified above) evidencing beneficial ownership in a Trust Fund consisting primarily of (i) certain conventional, first and second lien, adjustable and fixed rate, fully amortizing and balloon, residential mortgage loans acquired by the Trust Fund (the “Mortgage Loans”), together with all collections therefrom and proceeds thereof (excluding all scheduled payments of principal and interest due on the Mortgage Loans on or before the Cut-off Date), (ii) any REO Property, together with all collections thereon and proceeds thereof, (iii) the Depositor’s rights under the Mortgage Loan Purchase Agreement (including any security interest created thereby), (iv) the Depositor’s rights under any Insurance Policies related to the Mortgage Loans, (v) amounts on deposit from time to time in the Collection Account and the Basis Risk Reserve Fund and (vi) amounts, if any, payable to the Trust Fund under any Interest Rate Cap Agreement.
All sums distributable on this Certificate are payable in the coin or currency of the United States of America which at the time of payment is legal tender for the payment of public and private debts.
Reference is hereby made to the further provisions of this Certificate set forth on the reverse hereof, which shall have the same effect as though fully set forth on the face of this Certificate.
Unless the certificate of authentication hereon has been executed by or on behalf of the Trust Administrator, whose name appears below by manual signature, this Certificate shall not be entitled to any benefit under the Trust Agreement or be valid for any purpose.
Exhibit 4.5          IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Trust Administrator has caused this Certificate to be duly executed.
A TRANSFEREE OF A BOOK- ENTRY CERTIFICATE SHALL BE DEEMED TO HAVE MADE A REPRESENTATION AS REQUIRED HEREIN.
Exhibit 4.5          THIS CERTIFIES THAT CEDE & CO. is the registered owner of the Percentage Interest evidenced by this Certificate (obtained by dividing the Initial Certificate Principal Amount of this Certificate by the Initial Class Principal Amount of all Class M1 Certificates, both as specified above) evidencing beneficial ownership in a Trust Fund consisting primarily of (i) certain conventional, first and second lien, adjustable and fixed rate, fully amortizing and balloon, residential mortgage loans acquired by the Trust Fund (the “Mortgage Loans”), together with all collections therefrom and proceeds thereof (excluding all scheduled payments of principal and interest due on the Mortgage Loans on or before the Cut-off Date), (ii) any REO Property, together with all collections thereon and proceeds thereof, (iii) the Depositor’s rights under the Mortgage Loan Purchase Agreement (including any security interest created thereby), (iv) the Depositor’s rights under any Insurance Policies related to the Mortgage Loans, (v) amounts on deposit from time to time in the Collection Account and the Basis Risk Reserve Fund and (vi) amounts, if any, payable to the Trust Fund under any Interest Rate Cap Agreement.
All sums distributable on this Certificate are payable in the coin or currency of the United States of America which at the time of payment is legal tender for the payment of public and private debts.
Reference is hereby made to the further provisions of this Certificate set forth on the reverse hereof, which shall have the same effect as though fully set forth on the face of this Certificate.
Unless the certificate of authentication hereon has been executed by or on behalf of the Trust Administrator, whose name appears below by manual signature, this Certificate shall not be entitled to any benefit under the Trust Agreement or be valid for any purpose.
Exhibit 4.5          IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Trust Administrator has caused this Certificate to be duly executed.
A TRANSFEREE OF A BOOK- ENTRY CERTIFICATE SHALL BE DEEMED TO HAVE MADE A REPRESENTATION AS REQUIRED HEREIN.
Exhibit 4.5          THIS CERTIFIES THAT CEDE & CO. is the registered owner of the Percentage Interest evidenced by this Certificate (obtained by dividing the Initial Certificate Principal Amount of this Certificate by the Initial Class Principal Amount of Class M2 Certificates, both as specified above) evidencing beneficial ownership in a Trust Fund consisting primarily of (i) certain conventional, first and second lien, adjustable and fixed rate, fully amortizing and balloon, residential mortgage loans acquired by the Trust Fund (the “Mortgage Loans”), together with all collections therefrom and proceeds thereof (excluding all scheduled payments of principal and interest due on the Mortgage Loans on or before the Cut-off Date), (ii) any REO Property, together with all collections thereon and proceeds thereof, (iii) the Depositor’s rights under the Mortgage Loan Purchase Agreement (including any security interest created thereby), (iv) the Depositor’s rights under any Insurance Policies related to the Mortgage Loans, (v) amounts on deposit from time to time in the Collection Account and the Basis Risk Reserve Fund and (vi) amounts, if any, payable to the Trust Fund under any Interest Rate Cap Agreement.
All sums distributable on this Certificate are payable in the coin or currency of the United States of America which at the time of payment is legal tender for the payment of public and private debts.
Reference is hereby made to the further provisions of this Certificate set forth on the reverse hereof, which shall have the same effect as though fully set forth on the face of this Certificate.
Unless the certificate of authentication hereon has been executed by or on behalf of the Trust Administrator, whose name appears below by manual signature, this Certificate shall not be entitled to any benefit under the Trust Agreement or be valid for any purpose.
Exhibit 4.5          IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Trust Administrator has caused this Certificate to be duly executed.
A TRANSFEREE OF A BOOK- ENTRY CERTIFICATE SHALL BE DEEMED TO HAVE MADE A REPRESENTATION AS REQUIRED HEREIN.
Exhibit 4.5          THIS CERTIFIES THAT CEDE & CO. is the registered owner of the Percentage Interest evidenced by this Certificate (obtained by dividing the Initial Certificate Principal Amount of this Certificate by the Initial Class Principal Amount of all Class M3 Certificates, both as specified above) evidencing beneficial ownership in a Trust Fund consisting primarily of (i) certain conventional, first and second lien, adjustable and fixed rate, fully amortizing and balloon, residential mortgage loans acquired by the Trust Fund (the “Mortgage Loans”), together with all collections therefrom and proceeds thereof (excluding all scheduled payments of principal and interest due on the Mortgage Loans on or before the Cut-off Date), (ii) any REO Property, together with all collections thereon and proceeds thereof, (iii) the Depositor’s rights under the Mortgage Loan Purchase Agreement (including any security interest created thereby), (iv) the Depositor’s rights under any Insurance Policies related to the Mortgage Loans, (v) amounts on deposit from time to time in the Collection Account and the Basis Risk Reserve Fund and (vi) amounts, if any, payable to the Trust Fund under any Interest Rate Cap Agreement.
All sums distributable on this Certificate are payable in the coin or currency of the United States of America which at the time of payment is legal tender for the payment of public and private debts.
Reference is hereby made to the further provisions of this Certificate set forth on the reverse hereof, which shall have the same effect as though fully set forth on the face of this Certificate.
Unless the certificate of authentication hereon has been executed by or on behalf of the Trust Administrator, whose name appears below by manual signature, this Certificate shall not be entitled to any benefit under the Trust Agreement or be valid for any purpose.
Exhibit 4.5          IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Trust Administrator has caused this Certificate to be duly executed.
A TRANSFEREE OF A BOOK- ENTRY CERTIFICATE SHALL BE DEEMED TO HAVE MADE A REPRESENTATION AS REQUIRED HEREIN.
Exhibit 4.5          THIS CERTIFIES THAT CEDE & CO. is the registered owner of the Percentage Interest evidenced by this Certificate (obtained by dividing the Initial Certificate Principal Amount of this Certificate by the Initial Class Principal Amount of all Class M4 Certificates, both as specified above) evidencing beneficial ownership in a Trust Fund consisting primarily of (i) certain conventional, first and second lien, adjustable and fixed rate, fully amortizing and balloon, residential mortgage loans acquired by the Trust Fund (the “Mortgage Loans”), together with all collections therefrom and proceeds thereof (excluding all scheduled payments of principal and interest due on the Mortgage Loans on or before the Cut-off Date), (ii) any REO Property, together with all collections thereon and proceeds thereof, (iii) the Depositor’s rights under the Mortgage Loan Purchase Agreement (including any security interest created thereby), (iv) the Depositor’s rights under any Insurance Policies related to the Mortgage Loans, (v) amounts on deposit from time to time in the Collection Account and the Basis Risk Reserve Fund and (vi) amounts, if any, payable to the Trust Fund under any Interest Rate Cap Agreement.
All sums distributable on this Certificate are payable in the coin or currency of the United States of America which at the time of payment is legal tender for the payment of public and private debts.
Reference is hereby made to the further provisions of this Certificate set forth on the reverse hereof, which shall have the same effect as though fully set forth on the face of this Certificate.
Unless the certificate of authentication hereon has been executed by or on behalf of the Trust Administrator, whose name appears below by manual signature, this Certificate shall not be entitled to any benefit under the Trust Agreement or be valid for any purpose.
Exhibit 4.5          IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Trust Administrator has caused this Certificate to be duly executed.
A TRANSFEREE OF A BOOK- ENTRY CERTIFICATE SHALL BE DEEMED TO HAVE MADE A REPRESENTATION AS REQUIRED HEREIN.
Exhibit 4.5          THIS CERTIFIES THAT CEDE & CO. is the registered owner of the Percentage Interest evidenced by this Certificate (obtained by dividing the Initial Certificate Principal Amount of this Certificate by the Initial Class Principal Amount of all Class M5 Certificates, both as specified above) evidencing beneficial ownership in a Trust Fund consisting primarily of (i) certain conventional, first and second lien, adjustable and fixed rate, fully amortizing and balloon, residential mortgage loans acquired by the Trust Fund (the “Mortgage Loans”), together with all collections therefrom and proceeds thereof (excluding all scheduled payments of principal and interest due on the Mortgage Loans on or before the Cut-off Date), (ii) any REO Property, together with all collections thereon and proceeds thereof, (iii) the Depositor’s rights under the Mortgage Loan Purchase Agreement (including any security interest created thereby), (iv) the Depositor’s rights under any Insurance Policies related to the Mortgage Loans, (v) amounts on deposit from time to time in the Collection Account and the Basis Risk Reserve Fund and (vi) amounts, if any, payable to the Trust Fund under any Interest Rate Cap Agreement.
All sums distributable on this Certificate are payable in the coin or currency of the United States of America which at the time of payment is legal tender for the payment of public and private debts.
Reference is hereby made to the further provisions of this Certificate set forth on the reverse hereof, which shall have the same effect as though fully set forth on the face of this Certificate.
Unless the certificate of authentication hereon has been executed by or on behalf of the Trust Administrator, whose name appears below by manual signature, this Certificate shall not be entitled to any benefit under the Trust Agreement or be valid for any purpose.
Exhibit 4.5          IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Trust Administrator has caused this Certificate to be duly executed.
A TRANSFEREE OF A BOOK-ENTRY CERTIFICATE SHALL BE DEEMED TO HAVE MADE A REPRESENTATION AS REQUIRED HEREIN.
Exhibit 4.5          THIS CERTIFIES THAT CEDE & CO. is the registered owner of the Percentage Interest evidenced by this Certificate (obtained by dividing the Initial Certificate Principal Amount of this Certificate by the Initial Class Principal Amount of all Class B Certificates, both as specified above) evidencing beneficial ownership in a Trust Fund consisting primarily of (i) certain conventional, first and second lien, adjustable and fixed rate, fully amortizing and balloon, residential mortgage loans acquired by the Trust Fund (the “Mortgage Loans”), together with all collections therefrom and proceeds thereof (excluding all scheduled payments of principal and interest due on the Mortgage Loans on or before the Cut-off Date), (ii) any REO Property, together with all collections thereon and proceeds thereof, (iii) the Depositor’s rights under the Mortgage Loan Purchase Agreement (including any security interest created thereby), (iv) the Depositor’s rights under any Insurance Policies related to the Mortgage Loans, (v) amounts on deposit from time to time in the Collection Account and the Basis Risk Reserve Fund and (vi) amounts, if any, payable to the Trust Fund under any Interest Rate Cap Agreement.
All sums distributable on this Certificate are payable in the coin or currency of the United States of America which at the time of payment is legal tender for the payment of public and private debts.
Reference is hereby made to the further provisions of this Certificate set forth on the reverse hereof, which shall have the same effect as though fully set forth on the face of this Certificate.
Unless the certificate of authentication hereon has been executed by or on behalf of the Trust Administrator, whose name appears below by manual signature, this Certificate shall not be entitled to any benefit under the Trust Agreement or be valid for any purpose.
Exhibit 4.5          IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Trust Administrator has caused this Certificate to be duly executed.
Exhibit 4.5THIS CERTIFICATE IS A REMIC REGULAR INTEREST CERTIFICATE.
THIS CERTIFICATE DOES NOT EVIDENCE AN OBLIGATION OF, OR AN INTEREST IN, AND IS NOT GUARANTEED BY, THE DEPOSITOR, THE TRUSTEE, THE TRUST ADMINISTRATOR OR ANY AFFILIATE OF ANY OF THEM AND IS NOT INSURED OR GUARANTEED BY ANY GOVERNMENTAL AGENCY OR PRIVATE INSURER.THIS CERTIFICATE IS NOT ENTITLED TO SCHEDULED DISTRIBUTIONS OF PRINCIPAL AND WILL NOT ACCRUE INTEREST.
Exhibit 4.5BEHALF OF ANY SUCH PLAN NOR A PERSON USING THE ASSETS OF ANY SUCH PLAN.
Exhibit 4.5          THIS CERTIFIES THAT FIELDSTONE MORTGAGE COMPANY is the registered owner of the Percentage Interest evidenced by this Certificate in evidencing beneficial ownership in a Trust Fund consisting primarily of (i) certain conventional, first and second lien, adjustable and fixed rate, fully amortizing and balloon, residential mortgage loans acquired by the Trust Fund (the “Mortgage Loans”), together with all collections therefrom and proceeds thereof (excluding all scheduled payments of principal and interest due on the Mortgage Loans on or before the Cut-off Date), (ii) any REO Property, together with all collections thereon and proceeds thereof, (iii) the Depositor’s rights under the Mortgage Loan Purchase Agreement (including any security interest created thereby), (iv) the Depositor’s rights under any Insurance Policies related to the Mortgage Loans, (v) amounts on deposit from time to time in the Collection Account and the Basis Risk Reserve Fund and (vi) amounts, if any, payable to the Trust Fund under any Interest Rate Cap Agreement.
All sums distributable on this Certificate are payable in the coin or currency of the United States of America which at the time of payment is legal tender for the payment of public and private debts.
Reference is hereby made to the further provisions of this Certificate set forth on the reverse hereof, which shall have the same effect as though fully set forth on the face of this Certificate.
Unless the certificate of authentication hereon has been executed by or on behalf of the Trust Administrator, whose name appears below by manual signature, this Certificate shall not be entitled to any benefit under the Trust Agreement or be valid for any purpose.
Exhibit 4.5          IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Trust Administrator has caused this Certificate to be duly executed.
Exhibit 4.5THIS CERTIFICATE IS A REMIC RESIDUAL INTEREST CERTIFICATE.
THIS CERTIFICATE DOES NOT EVIDENCE AN OBLIGATION OF, OR AN INTEREST IN, AND IS NOT GUARANTEED BY, THE DEPOSITOR, THE TRUSTEE, THE TRUST ADMINISTRATOR OR ANY AFFILIATE OF ANY OF THEM AND IS NOT INSURED OR GUARANTEED BY ANY GOVERNMENTAL AGENCY.THIS CERTIFICATE IS NOT ENTITLED TO SCHEDULED DISTRIBUTIONS OF PRINCIPAL AND WILL NOT ACCRUE INTEREST.
PERSON THAT HOLDS A RESIDUAL CERTIFICATE IN CONNECTION WITH THE CONDUCT OF A TRADE OR BUSINESS WITHIN THE UNITED STATES AND HAS
Exhibit 4.5          THIS CERTIFIES THAT [           ] is the registered owner of the Percentage Interest evidenced by this Certificate evidencing beneficial ownership in a Trust Fund consisting primarily of (i) certain conventional, first and second lien, adjustable and fixed rate, fully amortizing and balloon, residential mortgage loans acquired by the Trust Fund (the “Mortgage Loans”), together with all collections therefrom and proceeds thereof (excluding all scheduled payments of principal and interest due on the Mortgage Loans on or before the Cut-off Date), (ii) any REO Property, together with all collections thereon and proceeds thereof, (iii) the Depositor’s rights under the Mortgage Loan Purchase Agreement (including any security interest created thereby), (iv) the Depositor’s rights under any Insurance Policies related to the Mortgage Loans, (v) amounts on deposit from time to time in the Collection Account and the Basis Risk Reserve Fund and (vi) amounts, if any, payable to the Trust Fund under any Interest Rate Cap Agreement.
All sums distributable on this Certificate are payable in the coin or currency of the United States of America which at the time of payment is legal tender for the payment of public and private debts.
Reference is hereby made to the further provisions of this Certificate set forth on the reverse hereof, which shall have the same effect as though fully set forth on the face of this Certificate.
Unless the certificate of authentication hereon has been executed by or on behalf of the Trust Administrator, whose name appears below by manual signature, this Certificate shall not be entitled to any benefit under the Trust Agreement or be valid for any purpose.
Exhibit 4.5          IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Trust Administrator has caused this Certificate to be duly executed.
The Certificates consist of the following Classes: the Class 1-A, Class 2-Al, Class 2-A2, Class A-IO, Class M1, Class M2, Class M3, Class M4, Class M5, Class B, Class X and Class R Certificates.
All distributions or allocations made with respect to each Class of Certificates on each Distribution Date shall be allocated among the outstanding Certificates of such Class based on the Certificate Principal Amount or Notional Amount (or Percentage Interest) of each such Certificate.
Wire transfers will be made at the expense, of the Holder requesting the same by deducting a wire transfer fee from the related distribution.
The Corporate Trust Office with respect to the presentment and surrender of Certificates for the final distribution thereon and the presentment and surrender of the Certificates for any other purpose is the corporate trust office of the Trust Administrator at [           ].
The Trust Agreement permits the amendment thereof from time to time by the Depositor, the Master Servicer, the Trust Administrator and the Trustee with the consent of the Holders of not less than 66 2/3% of the Class Principal Amount (or Percentage Interest) of each Class of Certificates affected thereby and with the consent of the NIMS Insurer, for the purpose of adding, changing or eliminating any provisions of any Trust Agreement or modifying the rights of the Holders of the Certificates thereunder, as provided in the Trust Agreement.
Any consent by the Holder of this Certificate will be conclusive and binding on such Holder and upon all future Holders of this Certificate and of any Certificate issued upon the transfer hereof or in exchange herefor or in lieu hereof whether or not notation of such consent is made upon this Certificate.
The Trust Agreement also permits the amendment thereof, in certain limited
Exhibit 4.5circumstances, with the prior written consent of any NIMS Insurer but without the consent of the Holders of any of the Certificates.
As provided in the Trust Agreement and subject to certain limitations therein set forth, this Certificate is exchangeable for new Certificates of the same Class evidencing the same aggregate initial Certificate Principal Amount (or Notional Amount) (or Percentage Interest) as requested by the Holder surrendering the same.
No service charge will be made for any such registration of transfer or exchange, but the Certificate Registrar may require payment of a sum sufficient to cover any tax or other governmental charge payable in connection therewith.
Each of the Class X and Class R Certificates will be issued as a single Certificate and maintained in physical form.
The Class R Certificate shall remain outstanding until the latest final Distribution Date for the Certificates.
In no event will the trust created by the Trust Agreement continue beyond the expiration of 21 years from the death of the last survivor of the descendants living at the date of the Trust Agreement of a certain person named in the Trust Agreement.
The Depositor, the Trustee, the Trust Administrator and the Certificate Registrar and any agent of any of them may treat the Person in whose name this Certificate is registered as the owner hereof for all purposes, and neither the Depositor, the Trustee, the Trust Administrator nor the Certificate Registrar nor any such agent shall be affected by any notice to the contrary.
As provided in the Trust Agreement, this Certificate and the Trust Agreement shall be construed in accordance with and governed by the laws of the State of New York, without regard
Exhibit 4.5to the conflict of laws principles applied in the State of New York.
In the event of any conflict between the provisions of this Certificate and the Trust Agreement, the Trust Agreement shall be controlling.
Any term used herein and not otherwise defined shall be as defined in the Trust Agreement.
The signature must be guaranteed by a participant in the Securities Transfer Agents Medallion Program, the New York Stock Exchange Medallion Signature Program or the Stock Exchanges Medallion Program.
Notarized or witnessed signatures are not acceptable as guaranteed signatures.
Exhibit 4.5DISTRIBUTION INSTRUCTIONS          The assignee should include the following for the information of the Certificate Registrar.
Exhibit 4.5          Capitalized words and phrases used herein and not otherwise defined herein shall have the respective meanings assigned to them in the Trust Agreement.
This Certificate is subject in all respects to the terms of Section 2.02 of the Trust Agreement and the Trust Agreement sections cross-referenced therein.
[                                     ]   By:    Name:  Title:B-1-2
The undersigned hereby certifies that as to each Mortgage Loan identified on the Mortgage Loan Schedule, other than any Mortgage Loan listed on Schedule I hereto, it has reviewed the documents identified above and has determined that each such document appears regular on its face and appears to relate to the Mortgage Loan identified in such document.B-2-1
Exhibit 4.5          Capitalized words and phrases used herein shall have the respective meanings assigned to them in the Trust Agreement.
This Certificate is qualified in all respects by the terms of said Trust Agreement including, but not limited to, Section 2.02(b).
[                                     ]   By:    Name:  Title:B-2-2
The undersigned hereby certifies that as to each Mortgage Loan identified in the Mortgage Loan Schedule, other than any Mortgage Loan listed on Schedule I hereto, it has reviewed the documents listed above and has determined that each such document appears to be complete and, based on an examination of such documents, the information set forth in items (i) through (v) of the definition of Mortgage Loan Schedule (as defined in the Custodial Agreement) is correct.B-3-1
Exhibit 4.5          Capitalized words and phrases used herein shall have the respective meanings assigned to them in the Trust Agreement.
This Certificate is qualified in all respects by the terms of said Trust Agreement.
[                         ]   By:     Name:  Title:B-3-2
:          Reason for requesting file:          1.
(The Servicer hereby certifies that all amounts received in connection with the loan have been or will be credited to the Collection Account pursuant to the Trust Agreement.)
2.
The Mortgage Loan is being foreclosed.
3.
Mortgage Loan substituted.
(The Servicer hereby certifies that a Qualifying Substitute Mortgage Loan has been assigned and delivered to you along with the related Mortgage File pursuant to the Trust Agreement.)
4.
Mortgage Loan repurchased.
(The Servicer hereby certifies that the Purchase Price has been credited to the Collection Account pursuant to the Trust Agreement.)
5.
Other.
Exhibit 4.5          Capitalized terms used herein shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the Trust Agreement.
[Name of Servicer]   By:     Name:  Title: Servicing OfficerC-2
2.That the Purchaser’s Taxpayer Identification Number is [     ].
3.That the Purchaser is not a “disqualified organization” within the meaning of Section 860E(e)(5) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”) and will not be a “disqualified organization” as of [date of transfer], and that the Purchaser is not acquiring a Residual Certificate (as defined in the Agreement) for the account of, or as agent (including a broker, nominee, or other middleman) for, any person or entity from which it has not received an affidavit substantially in the form of this affidavit.
For these purposes, a “disqualified organization” means the United States, any state or political subdivision thereof, any foreign government, any international organization, any agency or instrumentality of any of the foregoing (other than an instrumentality if all of its activities are subject to tax and a majority of its board of directors is not selected by such governmental entity), any cooperative organization furnishing electric energy or providing telephone service to persons in rural areas as described in Code Section 1381(a)(2)(C), any “electing large partnership” within the meaning of Section 775 of the Code, or any organization (other than a farmers’ cooperative described in Code Section 521) that is exempt from federal income tax unless such organization is subject to the tax on unrelated business income imposed by Code Section 511.
4.That the Purchaser either (x) is not, and on ____________________ [date of transfer] will not be, an employee benefit plan or other retirement arrangement subject to Section 406 of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended (“ERISA”), or Section 4975 of the Code (“Code”), (collectively, a “Plan”) or a person acting on behalf of any such Plan or investing the assets of any such Plan to acquire a Residual Certificate; (y) if the Residual Certificate has been the subject of an ERISA-Qualifying Underwriting, it is an insurance company that is purchasing the Certificate with funds contained in an “insuranceD-1-1
Exhibit 4.5     company general account” as defined in Section V(e) of Prohibited Transaction Class Exemption (“PTCE”) 95-60 and the purchase and holding of the Certificate are covered under Section I and III of PTCE 95-60; or (z) herewith delivers to the Trust Administrator an opinion of counsel (a “Benefit Plan Opinion”) satisfactory to the Trust Administrator, and upon which the Trustee, the Master Servicer, the Trust Administrator, the Depositor and the NIM Insurer shall be entitled to rely, to the effect that the purchase or holding of such Residual Certificate by the Investor will not result in any non-exempt prohibited transactions under Title I of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code and will not subject the Trustee, the Depositor, the Master Servicer, the Trust Administrator or the NIM Insurer to any obligation in addition to those undertaken by such entities in the Trust Agreement, which opinion of counsel shall not be an expense of the Trust Fund or any of the above parties.
6.That the Purchaser does not hold REMIC residual securities as nominee to facilitate the clearance and settlement of such securities through electronic book-entry changes in accounts of participating organizations (such entity, a “Book-Entry Nominee”).
7.That the Purchaser does not have the intention to impede the assessment or collection of any federal, state or local taxes legally required to be paid with respect to such Residual Certificate.
9.That the Purchaser understands that, as the holder of a Residual Certificate, the Purchaser may incur tax liabilities in excess of any cash flows generated by the interest and that it intends to pay taxes associated with holding such Residual Certificate as they become due.
10.That the Purchaser (i) is not a Non-U.S.
Person or (ii) is a Non-U.S.
Person that holds a Residual Certificate in connection with the conduct of a trade or businessD-1-2
Person that has delivered to both the transferor and the Trustee an opinion of a nationally recognized tax counsel to the effect that the transfer of such Residual Certificate to it is in accordance with the requirements of the Code and the regulations promulgated thereunder and that such transfer of a Residual Certificate will not be disregarded for federal income tax purposes.
“Non-U.S. Person” means an individual, corporation, partnership or other person other than (i) a citizen or resident of the United States; (ii) a corporation, partnership or other entity created or organized in or under the laws of the United States or any state thereof, including for this purpose, the District of Columbia; (iii) an estate that is subject to U.S. federal income tax regardless of the source of its income; (iv) a trust if a court within the United States is able to exercise primary supervision over the administration of the trust and one or more United States trustees have authority to control all substantial decisions of the trust; and, (v) to the extent provided in Treasury regulations, certain trusts in existence on August 20, 1996 that are treated as United States persons prior to such date and elect to continue to be treated as United States persons.
11.That the Purchaser agrees to such amendments of the Trust Agreement as may be required to further effectuate the restrictions on transfer of any Residual Certificate to such a “disqualified organization,” an agent thereof, a Book-Entry Nominee, or a person that does not satisfy the requirements of paragraph 7 and paragraph 10 hereof.
12.That the Purchaser consents to the designation of the Trust Administrator as its agent to act as “tax matters person” of the Trust Fund pursuant to the Trust Agreement.D-1-3
Exhibit 4.5          IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Purchaser has caused this instrument to be executed on its behalf, pursuant to authority of its Board of Directors, by its [title of officer] this _____ day of __________ 20_.
[name of Purchaser]   By:     Name:  Title:          Personally appeared before me the above-named [name of officer] ____________________, known or proved to me to be the same person who executed the foregoing instrument and to be the [title of officer] _______________ of the Purchaser, and acknowledged to me that he [she] executed the same as his [her] free act and deed and the free act and deed of the Purchaser.
Exhibit 4.5EXHIBIT D-2RESIDUAL CERTIFICATE TRANSFER AFFIDAVIT (TRANSFEROR)_________ [__], 200_    Re:Fieldstone Mortgage Investment Trust 2006-[     ]          ________________________ (the “Transferor”) has reviewed the attached affidavit of _______________________________ (the “Transferee”), and has no actual knowledge that such affidavit is not true and has no reason to believe that the information contained in paragraph 7 thereof is not true, and has no reason to believe that the Transferee has the intention to impede the assessment or collection of any federal, state or local taxes legally required to be paid with respect to a Residual Certificate.
In addition, the Transferor has conducted a reasonable investigation at the time of the transfer and found that the Transferee had historically paid its debts as they came due and found no significant evidence to indicate that the Transferee will not continue to pay its debts as they become due.
Very truly yours,    Name: Title:D-2-1
3.The Company represents and warrants that it has not canceled, altered, assigned, or hypothecated the Note.
5.This Affidavit is intended to be relied on by [     ] and its successors and assigns.
6.The Company has assigned all of its right, title and interest in the Note and the Deed of Trust/Mortgage to [     ] and agrees immediately and without further consideration to surrender the original Note to [     ] or its successor and assigns if such original Note ever comes into the Company’s possession, custody, or power.
7.The Company further agrees to indemnify and hold harmless [     ] and its successors and assigns from any and all loss, liability, costs, damages, reasonable attorneys’ fees and expenses without limitation in connection with or arising out of the representations, warranties, and agreements made in this Affidavit and any claim of any nature made by any entity with respect to the Note.
8.The Company agrees and acknowledges that this Affidavit may be presented as evidence of the Note, whether in any proceeding or action with respect thereto or otherwise, and hereby authorizes such use of this Affidavit.
9.The representations, warranties, and agreements herein shall bind the undersigned and its successors and assigns, and shall inure to the benefit of [     ] and its successors and assigns.E-1
Exhibit 4.5EXECUTED THIS _____ day of __________________, 2006 on behalf of _____________________________      By:  Its:           On the _____ day of _____________, 2006, before me, ____________________, a notary public in and for said State, personally appeared ________________, personally known to me (or proved to me on the basis of satisfactory evidence) to be the person whose name is subscribed to the within instrument and acknowledged to me that he/she executed the same in his/her authorized capacity, and that by his/her signature on the instrument, the person, or the entity upon behalf of which the person acted, executed the instrument.
Notary PublicMy Commission Expires: ________________E-2
Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Trust Agreement.
In connection with such request, and in respect of such Certificates, the Transferor hereby certifies that such Certificates are being transferred in accordance with (i) the transfer restrictions set forth in the Trust Agreement and the Certificates and (ii) Rule 144A under the Securities Act to a purchaser that the Transferor reasonably believes is a “qualified institutional buyer” within the meaning of Rule 144A purchasing for its own account or for the account of a “qualified institutional buyer,” which purchaser is aware that the sale to it is being made in reliance upon Rule 144A, in a transaction meeting the requirements of Rule 144A and in accordance with any applicable securities laws of any state of the United States or any other applicable jurisdiction.
This certificate and the statements contained herein are made for the benefit of the Trust Administrator, the Placement Agent and the Depositor.
[Name of Transferor]   By:    Name: Title:Dated: ____________ ____F-1
We agree, on our own behalf and on behalf of any accounts for which we are acting as hereinafter stated, that if we should sell any Privately Offered Certificates within two years of the later of the date of original issuance of the Privately Offered Certificates or the last day on which such Privately Offered Certificates are owned by the Depositor or any affiliate of the Depositor (which includes the Placement Agent) we will do so only (A) to the Depositor, (B) to “qualified institutional buyers” (within the meaning of Rule 144A under the Securities Act) in accordance with Rule 144A under the Securities Act (“QIBs”), (C) pursuant to the exemption from registration provided by Rule 144 under the Securities Act, or (D) to an institutional “accredited investor” within the meaning of Rule 501(a)(1), (2), (3) or (7) of Regulation D under the Securities Act that is not a QIB (an “Institutional Accredited Investor”) which, prior to such transfer, delivers to the Trust Administrator under the Trust Agreement dated as of [      ], 2006 by and among the Depositor, [      ], as Master Servicer and as Trust Administrator (in such capacities, the “Master Servicer” or the “Trust Administrator”), Fieldstone Mortgage Company, as Seller (the “Seller”) and [      ], as Trustee (the “Trustee), a signed letter in the form of this letter; and we further agree, in the capacities stated above, to provide to any person purchasing any of the Privately Offered Certificates from us a notice advising such purchaser that resales of the Privately Offered Certificates are restricted as stated herein.
(2)We understand that, in connection with any proposed resale of any Privately Offered Certificates to an Institutional Accredited Investor, we will be required to furnish to the Trustee, the Trust Administrator and the Depositor a certification from such transferee in the form hereof to confirm that the proposed sale is being made pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act.
We further understand that the Privately Offered Certificates purchased by us will bear a legend to the foregoing effect.
(3)We are acquiring the Privately Offered Certificates for investment purposes and not with a view to, or for offer or sale in connection with, any distribution in violation of the Securities Act.
We have such knowledge and experience in financial and businessG-1
Exhibit 4.5   matters as to be capable of evaluating the merits and risks of our investment in the Privately Offered Certificates, and we and any account for which we are acting are each able to bear the economic risk of such investment.
(4)We are an Institutional Accredited Investor and we are acquiring the Privately Offered Certificates purchased by us for our own account or for one or more accounts (each of which is an Institutional Accredited Investor) as to each of which we exercise sole investment discretion.
(5)We have received such information as we deem necessary in order to make our investment decision.
(6)If we are acquiring ERISA-Restricted Certificates, we understand that in accordance with ERISA, the Code and the Exemption, no Plan and no person acting on behalf of such a Plan may acquire such Certificate except in accordance with Section 3.03(d) of the Trust Agreement.
Terms used in this letter which are not otherwise defined herein have the respective meanings assigned thereto in the Trust Agreement.
You, the Trust Administrator and the Depositor are entitled to rely upon this letter and are irrevocably authorized to produce this letter or a copy hereof to any interested party in any administrative or legal proceeding or official inquiry with respect to the matters covered hereby.
2.
The Investor either (x) is not, and on ____________ [date of transfer] will not be, an employee benefit plan or other retirement arrangement subject to Section 406 of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended (“ERISA”), or Section 4975 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”), (collectively, a “Plan”) or a person acting on behalf of any such Plan or investing the assets of any such Plan; (y) if the Certificate has been the subject of an ERISA-Qualifying Underwriting, is an insurance company that is purchasing the Certificate with funds contained in an “insurance company general account” as defined in Section V(e) of Prohibited Transaction Class Exemption (“PTCE”) 95-60 and the purchase and holding of the Certificate are covered under Section I and III of PTCE 95-60; or (z) herewith delivers to the Trust Administrator an opinion of counsel (a “Benefit Plan Opinion”) satisfactory to the Trust Administrator, and upon which the Trustee, the Master Servicer, the Trust Administrator, the Depositor and any NIMS Insurer shall be entitled to rely, to the effect that the purchase or holding of such Certificate by the Investor will not constitute or result in any non-exempt prohibited transactions under Title I of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code and will not subject the Trustee, the Master Servicer, the Trust Administrator, the Depositor or any NIMS Insurer to any obligation in addition to those undertaken by such entities in the Trust Agreement, which opinion of counsel shall not be an expense of the Trust Fund or the above parties.
3.
Exhibit 4.5          IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Investor has caused this instrument to be executed on its behalf, pursuant to proper authority, by its duly authorized officer, duly attested, this ____ day of _______________, 20__.
H-2
Exhibit 4.5EXHIBIT JMONTHLY ELECTRONIC DATA TRANSMISSIONJ-1
Exhibit 4.5EXHIBIT M-3ADDITIONAL FORM 8-K DISCLOSURE   Item on Form 8-K Party Responsible Item 1.01- Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement All parties   Item 1.02- Termination of a Material Definitive Agreement All parties   Item 1.03- Bankruptcy or Receivership Depositor   Item 2.04- Triggering Events that Accelerate or Increase a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement Depositor   Item 3.03- Material Modification to Rights of Security Holders Trust Administrator   Item 5.03- Amendments of Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change of Fiscal Year Depositor   Item 6.01- ABS Informational and Computational Material Depositor   Item 6.02- Change of Servicer or Securities Administrator Master Servicer, Trust Administrator, Seller   Item 6.03- Change in Credit Enhancement or External Support Depositor   Item 6.04- Failure to Make a Required Distribution Trust Administrator   Item 6.05- Securities Act Updating Disclosure Depositor   Item 7.01- Reg FD Disclosure Depositor   Item 8.01 Depositor   Item 9.01 DepositorM-3-1
