(a) Base Salary.
Company shall pay Executive a “Base Salary” in consideration for Executive’s services to Company, payable as nearly as possible in equal semi-monthly installments or in such other installments as are customary from time to time for Company’s executives at the rate of $213,000 per annum.
The Base Salary may be adjusted from time to time in accordance with the procedures established by Company for salary adjustments for executives, provided that the Base Salary shall not be reduced.
(b) Incentive Compensation.
Executive shall be eligible for incentive compensation pursuant to one or more incentive compensation plans established by Company from time to time (each, an “Incentive Compensation Plan”).
The amount of the incentive compensation, if any, shall be based on the extent to which Executive or Company, or any combination of Executive, Company and Company’s direct and indirect subsidiaries, achieve objectives set forth in or pursuant to the Incentive Compensation Plan, or Incentive Compensation Plans, for the relevant time period.
(c) Benefit Plans.
Company will reimburse Executive for any and all necessary, customary and usual expenses which are incurred by Executive on behalf of Company in accordance with Company policy, provided Executive provides Company with receipts to substantiate the business expense in accordance with Company’s policies or otherwise reasonably justifies the expense to Company.
(a) Compensation.
If the Executive signs (and does not revoke) the Release described in Section 12, Executive or Executive’s estate, as the case may be, also shall be entitled to receive a single lump sum payment equal to ninety (90) days of Executive’s Base Salary as in effect on the date of Executive’s death or Disability.The payment to which Executive or Executive’s estate is entitled pursuant to the above paragraph will be paid within ten (10) days following the last day on which the Executive may revoke a previously executed and timely delivered Release.
In no event will the payments due pursuant to this Section be made later than March 15 of the year following the year in which Executive dies or the effective date of Executive’s Disability occurs.
(c) Base Salary.
The lump sum payment shall be paid within ten (10) days following the last day on which the Executive may revoke a previously executed and timely delivered Release.
Company will satisfy the obligation to provide the health and dental insurance benefits pursuant to this Section 6(d) by either paying for or reimbursing Executive for the actual cost of COBRA coverage (and Executive shall cooperate with Company in all respects in securing and maintaining such benefits, including exercising all appropriate COBRA elections and complying with all terms and conditions of such coverage in a manner to minimize the cost).
Similarly, Company will reimburse Executive for the cost of comparable coverage for all other insurance benefits that are not subject to the COBRA continuation rules.
It will be Executive’s responsibility to procure such benefits and Company will promptly reimburse Executive for the premiums for such benefits in the specified amount upon Executive’s submission of an invoice or other acceptable proof of payment.
(b) Receipt of Benefits.
The lump sum payment shall be paid within ten (10) days following the last day on which the Executive may revoke a previously executed and timely delivered Release.
If applicable law prohibits such vesting, then Company shall pay to Executive a single lump sum cash payment in an amount equal to the value of benefits and rights that would have, but for such prohibition, been vested in Executive.
Company will satisfy the obligation to provide the health and dental insurance benefits pursuant to this Section 8(b)(3) by either paying for or reimbursing Executive for the actual cost of COBRA coverage (and Executive shall cooperate with Company in all respects in securing and maintaining such benefits, including exercising all appropriate COBRA elections and complying with all terms and conditions of such coverage in a manner to minimize the cost).
Similarly, Company will reimburse Executive for the cost of comparable coverage for all other insurance benefits that are not subject to the COBRA continuation rules.
It will be Executive’s responsibility to procure such benefits and Company will promptly reimburse Executive for the premiums for such benefits in the specified amount upon Executive’s submission of an invoice or other acceptable proof of payment.
If Executive is entitled to receive the payments called for by this Section 8(b), Executive shall not be entitled to receive the compensation provided under Section 6 or 7.
(d) Cap on Payments.
For example, if Executive’s “Base Period Income” is $100,000 and Executive’s “Total Payments” exceed 299% of such Base Period Income (the “Cap”), Executive will be subject to an excise tax under Section 4999 of the Code of 20% of all amounts paid to Executive in excess of $100,000.
In other words, if Executive’s Cap is $299,999, Executive will not be subject to an excise tax if Executive receives exactly $299,999.
If Executive receives $300,000, Executive will be subject to an excise tax of $40,000 (20% of $200,000).
(2) Reduction of Payments.
The payment limitation called for by Section 8(d)(2) shall not apply if Executive’s “Uncapped Benefit” exceeds Executive’s “Capped Benefit” by more than 25%.
The Consultant selected pursuant to Section 8(d)(4) will calculate Executive’s Uncapped Benefit and Executive’s Capped Benefit.
(ii) “Cap” or “280G Cap.” “Cap” or “280G Cap” shall mean an amount equal to 2.99 times Executive’s Base Period Income.
(iii) “Total Payments.” The “Total Payments” include any “payments in the nature of compensation” (as defined in Section 280G of the Code and the regulations adopted thereunder), made pursuant to this Agreement or otherwise, to or for Executive’s benefit, the receipt of which is contingent or deemed contingent on a change in control and to which Section 280G of the Code applies.
To ensure that such payments comply with Section 409A of the Code, the payments are payable at a specified time or pursuant to a fixed schedule within the meaning of Treas.
All reimbursements must be made no later than December 31 of the calendar year following the calendar year in which the expense was incurred.
Any amounts that would have been paid during the six (6) months following Executive’s Separation from Service will be paid on the first business day following the expiration of the six-month period without interest thereon.
If Company fails to make any payment, either intentionally or unintentionally, within the time period specified in this Agreement, but the payment is made within the same calendar year, such payment will be treated as made within the time period specified in this Agreement pursuant to Treas.
In addition, if a payment is not made due to a dispute with respect to such payment, the payment may be delayed in accordance with Treas.
(e) Reimbursements.
In order to ensure compliance with the applicable regulations, the amounts reimbursed in one taxable year will not affect the amounts eligible for reimbursement by Company in a different taxable year.
All reimbursements must be made no later than December 31 of the calendar year following the calendar year in which the expense was incurred.
(f) Miscellaneous Payment Provisions.
