Exhibit 10.12
8
(4) Consultant.
The Consultant shall provide Executive and Company with a written explanation of its conclusions.
(a) Proprietary Information.
(b) Trade Secrets.
Executive shall promptly disclose to Company all written and graphic materials, computer software, inventions, discoveries and improvements authored, prepared, conceived or made by, for or at the direction of Executive during Executive’s employment hereunder and which are related to the business of Company, and shall execute all such documents and instruments, including but not limited to any assignments and invention disclosure documents, as Company may reasonably determine are necessary or desirable in order to give effect to the preceding sentence or to preserve, protect or enforce Company’s rights with respect to any such work and any intellectual property therein.
(d) Ownership of Documents.
Company shall own all papers, records, books, drawings, documents, manuals, and anything of a similar nature (collectively, the “Documents”) prepared by Executive in connection with Executive’s employment.
The Documents shall be the property of Company and are not to be used on other projects except upon Company’s prior written consent.
At the end of the Initial Term or any Renewal Term, Executive shall surrender to Company any and all Documents or other property of whatsoever kind now or hereafter in Executive’s possession, custody, or control which contain or reflect in any manner whatsoever Proprietary Information or information which in any way relates to Company’s business.
14
The Release shall be in a form provided by the Company.The Executive shall generally receive the Release on the Executive’s termination date and in no event more than 5 days following the Executive’s termination date.
Executive represents and warrants that Executive has not improperly taken any documents, listings, hardware, software, discs, or any other tangible medium that embodies proprietary information from any third party, and that Executive does not intend to copy, refer to, or in any way use, information that is proprietary to any third party in performing duties for Company.
All notices hereunder shall be in writing and delivered personally or sent by United States registered or certified mail, postage prepaid and return receipt requested: Insight Enterprises, Inc.Attn: Chief Executive Officer6820 S. Harl Ave.Tempe, Arizona 85283Insight Enterprises, Inc.Attn: Legal Department6820 S. Harl Ave.Tempe, Arizona 85283Dana A. LeightyEither party may change the address to which notices are to be sent to it by giving ten (10) days written notice of such change of address to the other party in the manner above provided for giving notice.Notices will be considered delivered on personal delivery or on the date of deposit in the United States mail in the manner provided for giving notice by mail.
16
17
