Compensation.3.1.
Base Salary.
The Company shall pay you a base salary at the rate of not less than $495,019 per annum during the Term (“Base Salary”).
The Company may increase, but not decrease, your Base Salary during the Term.
Base Salary shall be paid in accordance with the Company’s customary payroll practices.3.2.
In addition to Base Salary, the Company typically pays its executives an annual cash bonus (“Bonus”).
Each year, the Company will establish a target annual bonus (“Target Bonus”) for you; provided, however, during the Term (including any partial years) your Target Bonus will not be less than $123,755.
Although as a general matter the Company expects to pay bonuses at the target level in cases of satisfactory performance, it does not commit to do so.
Except as otherwise provided in this Section 3.2, your actual Bonus payout is fully discretionary, and your actual Bonus payout may be higher or lower than your Target Bonus.
Your actual Bonus amount, if any, will be paid to you between January 1 and March 15 of the calendar year immediately following the performance year in respect of which such Bonus is earned at the same time as bonuses are paid to other senior executives.3.3.
Long-term Incentive Compensation.
For each year of the Term, you will be eligible to receive long-term incentive compensation through a mix of stock options, restricted stock, restricted stock units (RSUs), other forms of equity compensation, cash-based long-term plans or other components as may be determined by the Compensation Committee of the Company’s Board of Directors (“Board”) from time to time in its sole discretion (“Long-term Incentive Awards”), subject to the terms of any Company plans governing the granting of Long-term Incentive Awards, and the terms of any related award agreements in accordance with the Company’s customary practices.3.4.
Total Compensation.
Each year during the Term, the sum of your Base Salary, Target Bonus, and target grant value of your Long-term Incentive Awards will be at least $1,509,807, (determined pursuant to the Company’s valuation methods) pro-rated with respect to partial years.
Subject to the minimum Base Salary specified in Section 3.1 and the minimum Target Bonus specified in Section 3.2, the Company has full discretion to determine the allocation between Base Salary, Target 2
Bonus, and grant value of Long-term Incentive Awards to reach the minimum total value specified in the first sentence of this paragraph.
Furthermore, the sum of your Base Salary, actual Bonus payout, and realized value of your Long-term Incentive Awards may be higher or lower than the amount provided for in this Section 3.4.3.5.
Additional Compensation Plans.
In addition to the above compensation, and at the Company’s discretion, you will be eligible to participate in other compensation plans and programs available to executives at your level (“Additional Compensation Plans”).
Your pro rata Bonus pursuant to this Section 4.2.1 shall be paid to you at the times set forth in Section 4.5 (Payments).4.2.2.
Severance Benefits.
During the Severance Period you shall be entitled to receive, whether or not you become disabled during the Severance Period, whichever of the following produces greater total payments: 5
(a) the sum of (i) Base Salary at an annual rate equal to your Base Salary in effect immediately prior to the notice of termination, and (ii) annual Bonuses during the Severance Period equal to your Target Bonus in effect immediately prior to the notice of termination or (b) the sum of (i) Base Salary at an annual rate equal to your Base Salary in effect on the Effective Date, and (ii) annual Bonuses during the Severance Period equal to your Target Bonus in effect on the Effective Date.
Annual Bonuses described in the preceding sentence will be paid on a pro rata basis to the extent that the Severance Period falls within a portion of a calendar year.
Payments made pursuant to this Section 4.2.2 shall be paid to you at the times set forth in Section 4.5 (Payments).
designated beneficiary(ies)) shall not be entitled to any further payments; provided that, you shall be entitled to a prorated Target Bonus for the year in which your employment by the affiliate commences or the year of your death, as applicable, based on the number of whole or partial months in such calendar year prior to the date of your employment by the affiliate or the date of your death, as determined by the Company.
provided in Section 4.2.2 or Section 4.3 or Disability Period (defined below) payments under the Agreement and you shall reimburse the Company for any such payments made to you in anticipation of your execution of the release or prior to the revocation of such release.4.5.
Payments.
Additional 280G Payments.
If you receive reduced 280G Payments by reason of this Section 4.6 and it is established pursuant to a final determination of the court or an Internal Revenue Service proceeding that you could have received a greater amount without resulting in an excise tax, then the Company shall promptly thereafter pay you the aggregate additional amount which could have been paid without resulting in an excise tax as soon as practicable.4.6.2.
Order of 280G Payment Reduction.
The reduction of 280G Payments, if applicable, shall be effected in the following order (unless you, to the extent permitted by Section 409A of the Code, elect another method of reduction by written notice to the Company prior to the Section 280G event): (i) any cash severance payments, (ii) any other cash amounts payable to you, (iii) any health and welfare or similar benefits valued as parachute payments, (iv) acceleration of vesting of any stock options for which the exercise price exceeds the then fair market value of the underlying stock, in order of the option tranches with the largest Section 280G parachute value, (v) acceleration of vesting of any equity award that is not a stock option and (vi) acceleration of vesting of any stock options for which the exercise price is less than the fair market value of the underlying stock in such manner as would net you the largest remaining spread value if the options were all exercised as of the Section 280G event.5.
Thereafter the Company shall pay you disability benefits for a period of time equal to the Severance Period defined in Section 4.2.2 (the “Disability Period”), in an annual amount equal to the greater of 75% of your Base Salary and Target Bonus in effect as of the Disability Date or 75% of your Base Salary and Target Bonus in effect as of the Effective Date.
All payments pursuant to this Section 5.1 shall be made at the times specified in Section 4.5 (Payments).5.2.
The Company shall be entitled to deduct from all payments to be made to you during the Disability Period pursuant to this Section 5 an amount equal to all disability payments received by you during the Disability Period from any Worker’s Compensation insurance, Social Security and short- or long-term disability insurance benefits maintained by the Company; provided however, that for so long as, and to the extent that, proceeds paid to you from such disability insurance policies are not includible in your income for federal income tax purposes, the Company’s deduction with respect to such payments shall be equal to the product of (i) such payments and (ii) a fraction, the numerator of which is one and the denominator of which is one less the maximum marginal rate of federal income taxes applicable to individuals at the time of receipt of such payments.
bonuses are normally paid) based on the actual achievement of the performance criteria established for the Company (and the relevant Line of Business, if applicable), provided that, if applicable, any criteria based on individual performance shall be deemed satisfied to the same extent as the performance criteria based on Company performance (and the relevant Line of Business performance, if applicable) or, if multiple performance criteria are used, the weighted average of such performance criteria, as determined by the Company, but prorated according to the number of whole or partial months you were employed by the Company in such calendar year.7.
Payments in Lieu of Other Benefits.
Nothing in this Section 10.6.2 shall limit your repayment obligations to the Company, if any, under Section 10.6.3 below.10.6.3.
Incentive Compensation Forfeiture.
Bonus or Other Cash Incentive Repayments.
You shall repay to the Company, by certified check, within sixty (60) days of a written demand, the amount by which your Bonus or other cash incentive compensation payments made during the Forfeiture Period (defined below) would have been reduced had the Company not relied on the false or misleading financial statements, as determined by the Company in its sole discretion.
Performance-Based Equity Award Repayments.
In regard only to any performance-based equity awards granted to you by the Company, you shall repay to the Company, by certified check, within sixty (60) days after a written demand is made by the Company, an amount equal to (a) the total amount of Award Gain (as defined herein) realized by you during the Forfeiture Period upon each exercise of such performance-based options and the value you have received with respect to any settlement or payment in connection with any other performance-based equity awards, and (b) the fair market value of all other performance-based equity awards granted to you or which have become vested during the Forfeiture Period; provided that, the return to the Company of such other performance-based equity awards shall satisfy your repayment obligations with respect to amounts owed pursuant to this sub-clause (b); provided further that, your repayment obligations under this Section 10.6.3.2 shall be limited to the extent that the granting or value of the performance-based equity awards was impacted by the Company’s reliance on the false or misleading financial statements during the Forfeiture Period.
Incentive Compensation Forfeiture Offset.
Other Incentive Compensation Repayments.
Whenever this Agreement provides for any payment to your estate, such payment may be made instead to such beneficiary or beneficiaries as you may designate by written notice to the Company.
Payments made to you pursuant to this Agreement shall be subject to withholding and social security taxes and other ordinary and customary payroll deductions.10.11.
that is six months following your separation from service with the Company (or the earliest date as is permitted under Section 409A of the Code), and the Company will pay any such delayed amounts in a lump sum at such time.
Each payment made under this Agreement shall be designated as a “separate payment” within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code.
