1.
Term of Agreement.
The term of this Agreement shall be for the period beginning on the Effective Date and ending on September 30, 2016 (the “Term”), subject, however, to earlier termination as set forth in this Agreement.
2.
Employment.
3.
Bonus.
The Company shall maintain full discretion to amend, modify or terminate such Additional Compensation Plans, and full discretion over the decision to award you compensation under such Additional Compensation Plans and the amount of such an award, if any.3.6.
Termination.4.1.
Termination for Cause; Voluntary Resignation.
The Company may terminate your employment for “cause” and you may voluntarily resign your employment prior to the expiration of the Term.
Upon the termination of your employment for cause or your voluntary resignation, all of the obligations under this Agreement shall terminate, other than the Company’s obligations set forth below in Section 4.1.2 and the provisions identified in Section 10.13 (Survival).4.1.1.
Termination by the Company for “cause” shall mean termination because of your (a) conviction (treating a nolo contendere plea as a conviction) of a felony (whether or not any right to appeal has been or may be exercised) other than as a result of a moving violation or a Limited Vicarious Liability (as defined below); (b) willful failure or refusal without proper cause to perform your material duties with the Company, including your material obligations under this Agreement (other than any such failure resulting from your incapacity due to physical or mental impairment); (c) willful misappropriation, embezzlement, fraud or any reckless or willful destruction of Company property having a significant adverse financial effect on 3
the Company or a significant adverse effect on the Company’s reputation; (d) willful and material breach of any statutory or common law duty of loyalty to the Company having a significant adverse financial effect on the Company or a significant adverse effect on the Company’s reputation; (e) material and willful breach of any of the restrictive covenants provided for in Section 8 (Restrictive Covenants) below; or (f) a willful violation of any material Company policy, including the Company’s Standards of Business Conduct having a significant adverse financial effect on the Company or a significant adverse effect on the Company’s reputation.
Such termination shall be effected by written notice thereof delivered by the Company to you and shall be effective as of the date of such notice; provided however, that if (i) such termination is because of your willful failure or refusal without proper cause to perform your material duties with the Company including any one or more of your material obligations under this Agreement, and (ii) within 15 days following the date of such notice you shall cease your refusal and shall use your best efforts to perform such obligations, the termination shall not be effective.
Obligations Upon Termination For Cause or Voluntary Resignation.
In the event of your termination of employment by the Company for cause or your voluntary resignation, without prejudice to any other rights or remedies that the Company may have at law or in equity, the Company shall have no further obligation to you other than (i) to pay Base Salary through the effective date of termination, (ii) with respect to any rights you have pursuant to any insurance or other benefit plans or arrangements of the Company, (iii) with respect to any rights to indemnification that you may have under Section 3.6 above, and (iv) if your employment is terminated pursuant to Sections 4.1.1(b) or 4.1.1(f) above, the Company shall pay you any Bonus for any year prior to the year in which such termination of employment occurs that has not yet been paid as of the date of such termination of employment.
Payments of Base Salary required under this Section shall be made at the same time as such payments would otherwise have been made to you pursuant to Sections 3.1 (Base Salary) if your employment had not been terminated.
4
4.2.
Termination by You for Good Reason and Termination by the Company Without Cause.
Unless previously terminated pursuant to any other provision of this Agreement, you shall have the right, exercisable by written notice to the Company, to terminate your employment for “Good Reason” effective 30 days after the giving of such notice, if, at the time of the giving of such notice, the Company is in material breach of its obligations under this Agreement without your express written consent; provided however, with the exception of clause (i) below, this Agreement shall not so terminate if such notice is the first such notice of termination delivered by you pursuant to this Section 4.2 and within such 30-day period the Company shall have cured all such material breaches.
Any such notice of termination for Good Reason must be provided to the Company within 90 days of any material breach of the Agreement.
A material breach by the Company shall include, but not be limited to, (i) the Company’s material violation of Section 3.1 with respect to your Base Salary, or (ii) the Company failing to cause any successor to all or substantially all of the business and assets of the Company expressly to assume the obligations of the Company under this Agreement as provided by Section 10.4 (Assignability).
The Company shall have the right, exercisable by written notice to you, to terminate your employment under this Agreement without cause, which notice shall specify the effective date of such termination.4.2.1.
Termination Benefits.
After the effective date of a termination of employment without cause or for Good Reason pursuant to this Section 4.2, you shall receive Base Salary and a pro rata portion of your Bonus through the effective date of termination, subject to the actual achievement of the performance criteria established for the Company (and the relevant Line of Business, if applicable) for the year of termination; provided that, any criteria based on individual performance shall be deemed satisfied to the same extent as the performance criteria based on Company performance (and the relevant Line of Business performance, if applicable) or, if multiple performance criteria are used, the weighted average of such performance criteria, as determined by the Company.
After the effective date of a termination of employment without cause or for Good Reason pursuant to Section 4.2, you shall continue to receive Base Salary and Bonus compensation and the post-termination benefits specified in Section 7.2 for a period ending on the date which is 18 months after the effective date of such termination (the “Severance Period”).
Effective as of the date of your termination of employment pursuant to Section 4.2, any outstanding Long-term Incentive Awards granted on or after the Original Effective Date and before the expiration of the Term shall immediately vest in full and any stock option awards granted during such period shall become immediately exercisable for the time periods set forth in the respective stock option award agreements, provided that, if any such Long-term Incentive Awards or stock options are subject to a performance requirement that has not been satisfied and certified by the Board of Directors on the date of your termination of employment, such Long-term Incentive Awards or stock options shall not be immediately vested and exercisable, but shall become fully vested and exercisable upon satisfaction of such performance requirement and certification by the Board of Directors (or, if applicable, upon deemed satisfaction of such performance requirements pursuant to the terms of the Long-term Incentive Awards or stock options).4.2.2.1.
Other Full-Time Employment or Death During the Severance Period.
Except as provided in the following sentence, if you accept other full-time employment, excluding employment with an affiliate (“Other Employment”) during the Severance Period or notify the Company in writing of your intention to terminate your post-termination benefits under Section 7.2, effective upon the commencement of such Other Employment or the effective date of such termination as specified by you in such notice, whichever is applicable, the continuation of the post-termination health and welfare benefits specified in Section 7.2 shall terminate, but you shall continue to receive the remaining payments you would have received pursuant to Section 4.2.2 at the times specified therein.
Furthermore, if you accept employment with any affiliate of the Company or die during the Severance Period, then the payments provided for in Section 4.2.2 shall immediately cease and you (or your estate or 6
Termination of Employment Upon Change In Control.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if your employment is terminated pursuant to Section 4.2 hereof (a) within 24 months following a Change In Control (as defined in the Time Warner Cable 2011 Stock Incentive Plan or any successor plan) or (b) following the Company’s execution of an applicable merger, acquisition, sale or other agreement providing for a Change In Control (a “CIC Agreement”) but before the date that is 24 months after a Change In Control (or, if earlier, the expiration or termination of the CIC Agreement without a Change In Control), you shall (i) receive the severance benefits provided in Section 4.2.2, and (ii) receive the post-termination benefits provided in Section 7.2.
Any employment terminations for “cause” pursuant to Sections 4.1.1(b) or 4.1.1(f) above within 24 months following a Change In Control shall be deemed terminations without cause for purposes of severance benefits (as provided in sub-clauses (i) and (ii) above) and treatment of the Company’s (or any successor’s) outstanding equity awards or other Long-term Incentive Awards that are outstanding as of the employment termination date.4.3.
Expiration of Term.
If at the expiration of the Term, your employment shall not have been previously terminated pursuant to the provisions of this Agreement, no Disability Period is then in effect and the parties shall not have agreed in a signed writing to an extension or renewal of this Agreement or on the terms of a new employment agreement, then this Agreement shall expire and your employment shall continue on an at-will basis.
As an at-will employee, upon the termination of your employment without cause, (a) you shall be eligible for participation in any executive- 7
level severance plan or program offered by the Company that will provide a minimum severance benefit equal to twelve (12) months Base Salary and Target Bonus, subject to your execution and delivery of a full release to the Company substantially in the form attached hereto as Annex A or such other form of release as may be implemented for such executive-level severance plan or program, (b) you shall receive immediate vesting in full of any outstanding equity awards or other Long-term Incentive Awards granted on and after the Original Effective Date and before the expiration of the Term and any stock option awards granted during such period shall become immediately exercisable for the time periods set forth in the respective stock option award agreements, and (c) any equity awards granted before the Original Effective Date shall continue to vest until the earlier of (i) 12 months after the date of your termination of employment without cause, and (ii) your commencement of Other Employment; provided that, vested stock options shall remain exercisable for the time periods set forth in the respective stock option award agreements beginning upon the earlier of (x) your commencement of Other Employment and (y) the end of such 12-month period; provided further that, RSU awards granted on or after January 1, 2010 but before the Original Effective Date shall receive pro-rata accelerated vesting treatment based on the number of RSUs that would have vested during such 12 month period and the related shares shall be distributed pursuant to the terms of the award agreement and any addendums thereto; further provided that, if any Long-term Incentive Awards or stock options granted on or after the Original Effective Date and before the expiration of the Term are subject to a performance requirement that has not been satisfied and certified by the Board of Directors on the date of your termination of employment, such Long-term Incentive Awards or stock options shall not be immediately vested and exercisable, but shall become fully vested and exercisable upon satisfaction of such performance requirement and certification by the Board of Directors (or, if applicable, upon deemed satisfaction of such performance requirements pursuant to the terms of the Long-term Incentive Awards or stock options).4.4.
Payments of Base Salary and Bonus required to be made to you after a termination of employment pursuant to Sections 4, 5 or 6 shall be made at the same times as such payments otherwise would have been paid to you pursuant to Sections 3.1 (Base Salary) and 3.2 (Bonus) if your employment had not been terminated, or such other time as required for compliance with Code Section 409A as set forth in Section 10.15 below.4.6.
9
4.6.1.
Disability.5.1.
Disability Payments.
If you have not resumed your usual duties on or prior to the Disability Date, the Company shall terminate your employment effective as of the Disability Date and pay you a pro rata Bonus based on actual achievement of the performance criteria established for the Company (and the relevant Line of Business, if applicable), provided that, if applicable, any criteria based on individual performance shall be deemed satisfied to the same extent as the performance criteria based on Company performance (and the relevant Line of Business performance, if applicable) or, if multiple performance criteria are used, the weighted average of such performance criteria, as determined by the Company, for the year in which the Disability Date occurs.
Recovery From Disability.
If the Company elects to rehire you, then the Disability Period payments described in Section 5.1 shall cease and this Agreement shall be reinstated in all respects and the Term shall not be extended by virtue of the occurrence of the Disability Period.
If the Company elects not to rehire you, during any balance of your Disability Period, you shall be entitled to receipt of the payments described in Section 5.1 and you may obtain Other Employment, subject, however, to the following: (i) you shall perform advisory services to the Company during any balance of the Disability Period and (ii) you shall not be entitled to the post-termination health and welfare benefits 11
provided in Section 7.2 if you obtain Other Employment during the balance of your Disability Period.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if you die during the Disability Period, the payments provided for in Section 5.1 shall immediately cease and your estate (or designated beneficiary(ies)) shall not be entitled to any further payments; provided that, you shall be entitled to 75% of a prorated Target Bonus for the year in which your death occurs, based on the number of whole or partial months in such calendar year prior to the date of your death, as determined by the Company in its sole discretion, calculated using the greater of your Target Bonus in effect for the year in which your death occurs or your Target Bonus in effect for the year in which the Effective Date occurs.6.
Death.
If you die during the Term, this Agreement and all obligations of the Company to make any payments hereunder shall terminate except that your estate (or a designated beneficiary) shall be entitled to receive Base Salary to the last day of the month in which your death occurs and Bonus compensation (at the time 12
Benefits After a Termination or Disability.
accelerated vesting treatment based on the number of RSUs that would have vested during such 12 month period and the related shares shall be distributed pursuant to the terms of the award agreement and any addendums thereto, (c) any equity awards or other Long-term Incentive Awards granted on or after the Original Effective Date and before the expiration of the Term, shall be subject to the terms and conditions of the respective award agreements and the vesting provisions set forth in Section 4.2.2 and this Section 7.2, (d) during the Term, but only for equity awards granted after the Original Effective Date, the Company shall not be permitted to determine that your employment was terminated for “Performance” within the meaning of any stock option, restricted stock, RSU, or other equity compensation agreement between you and the Company, and (e) you shall not be eligible for continuation of Company car, automobile allowance, mobile phone and/or country club membership reimbursements or any other similar discretionary allowances, to the extent applicable, during or after the Severance Period or Disability Period, or any other termination of employment under this Agreement.
Effective with your termination of employment pursuant to Sections 4, 5 or 6, you will no longer be permitted to contribute to or receive a Company match in the TWC Savings Plan, or any successor plan, and you will no longer accrue benefit service under the Time Warner Cable Pension Plan or the Time Warner Cable Excess Benefit Pension Plan, or any successor plans, and your rights under those plans will be determined in accordance with the terms of those plans and applicable law.
In the event your employment with the Company is terminated pursuant to any section of this Agreement, you shall not be entitled to notice and severance under the Company’s general employee policies or other executive severance plans or programs, or to be paid for any accrued vacation time or unused sabbatical (unless payment of such accrued, but unused vacation benefits is otherwise required by state law), the payments provided for in such sections in this Agreement being in lieu thereof.
8.
15
8.2.
During your employment with the Company and its affiliates, and if your employment terminates for any reason, whether during or after the Term, including your voluntary resignation or retirement, for a period of time equal to the Severance Period defined in Section 4.2.2 (whether or not you are eligible for or receive any severance benefits under Section 4.2.2) or, if you are employed at will, 12 months after your termination of employment for any reason (the “Non-compete Period”), you shall not, directly or indirectly, without the prior written consent of the Chief Executive Officer, render any services to, or act in any capacity for, any Competitive Entity, or acquire any interest of any type in any Competitive Entity; 16
8.5.
You further acknowledge that the restrictions contained in this Section 8 shall survive the termination of your employment as provided in Section 10.13 (Survival), including your voluntary resignation or retirement, and/or the expiration or termination of this Agreement.9.
9.1.
Remedies.
10.6.1.
20
10.6.2.
Reduction of Severance Payments and Forfeiture of Long-term Incentive Awards.
21
10.6.3.2.
23
10.10.
Offset.
Survival.
10.13.1.
10.13.2.
Sections 3.6 (Indemnification), 4.4 (Release), 4.5 (Payments), 4.6 (Code §§ 280G and 4999), 7.2 (Benefits After Term), 8 (Restrictive Covenants), 9 (Notices) and 10 (General) shall survive any termination of your employment by the Company without cause, by you for Good Reason, or due to your disability pursuant to Sections 4.2 or 5.
24
 10.13.3.
If your employment continues after the Term on an at-will basis, Sections 4.3(a), 4.3(b) and 4.3(c) shall survive the termination of this Agreement.10.14.
The following terms are defined in this Agreement in the places indicated:280G Payments – Section 4.6Additional Compensation Plans – Section 3.5affiliate – Section 4.2.2.1Award Gain – Section 10.6.3.2Base Salary – Section 3.1Bonus – Section 3.2cause – Section 4.1.1Change In Control – Section 4.2.3CIC Agreement – Section 4.2.3Competitive Entity – Section 8.4Covered Business – Section 8.4Disability Date – Section 5.1Disability Period – Section 5.1Forfeiture Period – Section 10.6.3.1Good Reason – Section 4.2Limited Vicarious Liability – Section 4.1.1Long-term Incentive Awards – Section 3.3Non-compete Period – Section 8.4Other Employment – Section 4.2.2.1Severance Period – Section 4.2.2Target Bonus – Section 3.2Term – Section 1Work Product – Section 8.510.15.
Reg.
References to “termination of employment” and similar terms used in this Agreement are intended to refer to “separation from service” within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code to the extent necessary to comply with Section 409A of the Code.
Entire Agreement.
26
