PRELIMINARY STATEMENTS
The Company desires to employ the Executive in the position of Senior Vice President, U.S. Commercial Strategy and the Executive desires to render such services, upon the terms and conditions contained herein.
The Executive desires to render such services, upon the terms and conditions contained herein.
C. The Company is a subsidiary of Orthofix International N.V., a corporation organized under the laws of Curacao (the “Parent”) for whom Executive will also perform services as contemplated hereby, and under certain compensation plans of which Executive shall be eligible to receive compensation, and Parent is agreeing to provide such compensation and guarantee the Company’s payment obligations hereunder.
D. Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined have the meaning for them set forth on Exhibit A attached hereto and incorporated herein by reference.
The parties, intending to be legally bound, hereby agree as follows:
EMPLOYMENT AND DUTIES
1.1 Duties.
The Company hereby employs the Executive as an employee, and the Executive agrees to be employed by the Company, upon the terms and conditions set forth herein.
While serving as an employee of the Company, the Executive shall serve as the Senior Vice President, U.S. Commercial Strategy of the Company, and be appointed to serve as the Senior Vice President, U.S. Commercial Strategy of the Parent.
The Executive shall have such power and authority and perform such duties, functions and responsibilities as are associated with and incident to such positions, and as the Board may from time to time require of him.
The Executive also agrees to serve, if elected, as an officer or director of Parent or any other direct or indirect subsidiary of the Parent, in each such case at no compensation in addition to that provided for in this Agreement, but the Executive serves in such positions solely as an accommodation to the Company and such positions shall grant him no rights hereunder (including for purposes of the definition of Good Reason).
1.2 Services.
During the Term (as defined in Section 1.3), and excluding any periods of vacation, sick leave or disability, the Executive agrees to devote his full business time, attention and efforts to the business and affairs of the Company.
During the Term, it shall not be a violation of this Section 1.2 for the Executive to (a) serve on civic or charitable boards or committees (but not corporate boards), (b) deliver lectures or fulfill speaking engagements or (c) manage personal investments, so long as such activities do not interfere with the performance of the Executive’s responsibilities in accordance with this Agreement.
The Executive must request the Board’s prior written consent to serve on a corporate board, which consent shall be at the Board’s reasonable discretion and only so long as such service docs not interfere with the performance of his responsibilities hereunder.
For the avoidance of doubt, non-renewal of the Term shall not trigger any of the payments set forth in Section 5.1.
1.4 Place of Performance.
During the Term, the Executive shall be based in Lewisville, Texas.
COMPENSATION
For the avoidance of doubt, in providing any compensation payable in stock, the Company may withhold, deduct or collect from the compensation otherwise payable or issuable to the Executive a portion of such compensation to the extent required to comply with applicable tax laws to the extent such withholding is not made or otherwise provided for pursuant to the agreement governing such stock-based compensation.
Any bonus or incentive compensation under this Section 2.3 under the Bonus Plan or otherwise is referred to herein as “Incentive Compensation.” Stock-based compensation shall not be considered Incentive Compensation under the terms of this Agreement unless the parties expressly agree otherwise in writing.
The Executive shall be considered for such grants no less often than annually as part of the Board’s annual compensation review, but any such grants shall be at the sole discretion of the Board.
Subject only to any post-employment rights under Article V, so long as the Executive is employed by the Company pursuant to this Agreement, he shall be eligible for the following benefits to the extent generally available to senior executives of the Company or by virtue of his position, tenure, salary and other qualifications.
Any eligibility shall be subject to and in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Company’s benefits policies and applicable plans (including as to deductibles, premium sharing, co-payments or other cost-splitting arrangements).
The Executive shall be entitled to participate in, and enjoy the benefits of, all savings, pension, salary continuation and retirement plans, practices, policies and programs available to senior executives of the Company.
3.3 Welfare and Other Benefits.
The Executive and/or the Executive’s eligible dependents, as the case may be, shall be entitled to participate in, and enjoy the benefits of, all welfare benefit plans, practices, policies and programs provided by the Company (including without limitation, medical, prescription, drug, dental, disability, salary continuance, group life, dependent life, accidental death and travel accident insurance plans and programs) and other benefits (including, without limitation, executive physicals and tax and financial planning assistance) at a level that is available to other senior executives of the Company.
The Company shall be entitled to obtain a “key man” or similar life or disability insurance policy on the Executive, and neither the Executive nor any of his family members, heirs or beneficiaries shall be entitled to the proceeds thereof.
Such insurance shall be available to offset any payments due to the Executive pursuant to Section 5.1 of this Agreement due to his death or Disability.
Such payments shall be subject to all applicable taxes and withholding.
This Agreement does not grant any greater rights with respect to such items than provided for in the Plans or the award documents in the event of any termination for Cause or a Voluntary Termination.
Except as expressly provided otherwise in this Article V, the provisions of this Agreement shall not affect the Executive’s participation in, or terminating distributions and vested rights under, any pension, profit-sharing, insurance or other employee benefit plan of the Parent Group to which the Executive is entitled pursuant to the terms of such plans, or expense reimbursements he is otherwise entitled to under Section 3.5.
5.6 No Mitigation.
It will be difficult, and may be impossible, for the Executive to find reasonably comparable employment following the termination of the Executive’s employment, and the protective provisions under Article VI contained herein will further limit the employment opportunities for the Executive.
In addition, the Company’s severance pay policy applicable in general to its salaried employees does not provide for mitigation, offset or reduction of any severance payment received thereunder.
Accordingly, the parties hereto expressly agree that the payment of severance compensation in accordance with the terms of this Agreement will be liquidated damages, and that the Executive shall not be required to seek other employment, or otherwise, to mitigate any payment provided for hereunder.
5.7 Limitation: No Other Rights.
Any amounts due or payable under this Article V are in the nature of severance payments or liquidated damages, or both, and the Executive agrees that such amounts shall fully compensate the Executive, his dependents, heirs and beneficiaries and the estate of the Executive for any and all direct damages and consequential damages that they do or may suffer as a result of the termination of the Executive’s employment, or both, and are not in the nature of a penalty.
Notwithstanding the above, no member of the Parent Group shall be liable to the Executive under any circumstances for any consequential, incidental, punitive or similar damages.
The Executive expressly acknowledges that the payments and other rights under this Article V shall be the sole monies or other rights to which the Executive shall be entitled to and such payments and rights will be in lieu of any other rights or remedies he might have or otherwise be entitled to.
Similarly, no one in the Parent Group shall have any further liability or obligation to the Executive following the date of termination, except as expressly provided in this Agreement.
5.8 No Right to Set Off.
The Company shall not be entitled to set off against amounts payable to the Executive hereunder any amounts earned by the Executive in other employment, or otherwise, after termination of his employment with the Company, or any amounts which might have been earned by the Executive in other employment had he sought such other employment.
5.9 Adjustments Due to Excise Tax.
(a) If it is determined that any amount or benefit to be paid or payable to the Executive under this Agreement or otherwise in conjunction with his employment (whether paid or payable or distributed or distributable pursuant to the terms of this Agreement or otherwise in conjunction with his employment) would give rise to liability of the Executive for the excise tax imposed by Section 4999 of the Code, as amended from time to time, or any successor provision (the “Excise Tax”), then the amount or benefits payable to the Executive (the total value of such amounts or benefits, the “Payments”) shall be reduced by the Company so that no portion of the Payments to the Executive is subject to the Excise Tax.
Such reduction shall only be made if the net amount of the Payments, as so reduced (and after deduction of applicable federal, state, and local income and payroll taxes on such reduced Payments other than the Excise Tax (collectively, the “Deductions”)) is greater than the excess of (1) the net amount of the Payments, without reduction (but after making the Deductions) over (2) the amount of Excise Tax to which the Executive would be subject in respect of such Payments.
(b) In the event it is determined that the Excise Tax may be imposed on the Executive prior to the possibility of any reductions being made pursuant to Section 5.9(a), the Company and the Executive agree to take such actions as they may mutually agree in writing to take to avoid any such reductions being made or, if such reduction is not otherwise required by Section 5.9(a), to reduce the amount of Excise Tax imposed.
For purposes of making the calculations and determinations under this Section 5.9, the Accountants and each other party may make reasonable assumptions and approximations concerning the application of Section 280G and Section 4999.
The Company shall bear all costs the Accountants incur in connection with any calculations contemplated hereby.
6.1 Noncompetition.
Without the prior written consent of the Board (which may be withheld in the Board’s sole discretion), so long as the Executive is an employee of the Company or any other member of the Parent Group and for a twelve-month period thereafter, the Executive agrees that he shall not anywhere in the Prohibited Area, for his own account or the benefit of any other, engage or participate in or assist or otherwise be connected with a Competing Business.
For the avoidance of doubt, the Executive understands that this Section 6.1 prohibits the Executive from acting for himself or as an officer, employee, manager, operator, principal, owner, partner, shareholder, advisor, consultant of, or lender to, any individual or other Person that is engaged or participates in or carries out a Competing Business or is actively planning or preparing to enter into a Competing Business.
The parties agree that such prohibition shall not apply to the Executive’s passive ownership of not more than 5% of a publicly-traded company.
6.2 No Solicitation or Interference.
So long as the Executive is an employee of the Company or any other member of the Parent Group (other than while an employee acting solely for the express benefit of the Parent Group) and for a twelve-month period thereafter, the Executive shall not, whether for his own account or for the account or benefit of any other Person, throughout the Prohibited Area:
Such prohibition shall expressly extend to any hiring or enticing away (or any attempt to hire or entice away) any employee or consultant of the Parent Group.
(c) contact or solicit any customer for the purpose of discussing (i) services or products that arc competitive with and the same or closely similar to those offered by any member of the Parent Group or (ii) any past or present business of any member of the Parent Group.
During the period of the Executive’s employment with the Company or any member of the Parent Group and at all times thereafter, the Executive shall hold in secrecy for the Company all Confidential Information that may come to his knowledge, may have come to his attention or may have come into his possession or control while employed by the Company (or otherwise performing services for any member of the Parent Group).
Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, the Executive shall not be required to maintain the confidentiality of any Confidential Information which (a) is or becomes available to the public or others in the industry generally (other than as a result of disclosure or inappropriate use, or caused, by the Executive in violation of this Section 6.3) or (b) the Executive is compelled to disclose under any applicable laws, regulations or directives of any government agency, tribunal or authority having jurisdiction in the matter or under subpoena.
Except as expressly required in the performance of his duties to the Company under this Agreement, the Executive shall not use for his own benefit or disclose (or permit or cause the disclosure of) to any Person, directly or indirectly, any Confidential Information unless such use or disclosure has been specifically authorized in writing by the Company in advance.
During the Executive’s employment and as necessary to perform his duties under Section 1.2, the Company will provide and grant the Executive access to the Confidential Information.
The Executive recognizes that any Confidential Information is of a highly competitive value, will include Confidential Information not previously provided the Executive and that the Confidential Information could be used to the competitive and financial detriment of any member of the Parent Group if misused or disclosed by the Executive.
The Company promises to provide access to the Confidential Information only in exchange for the Executive’s promises contained herein, expressly including the covenants in Sections 6.1, 6.2 and 6.4.
(b) The Executive acknowledges and agrees that all Inventions shall be the sole and exclusive property of the Company (or member of the Parent Group) and are hereby assigned to the Company (or applicable member of the Parent Group).
During the term of the Executive’s employment with the Company (or any other member of the Parent Group) and thereafter, whenever requested to do so by the Company, the Executive shall take such action as may be requested to execute and assign any and all applications, assignments and other instruments that the Company shall deem necessary or appropriate in order to apply for and obtain Letters Patent of the United States and/or of any foreign countries for such Inventions and in order to assign and convey to the Company (or any other member of the Parent Group) or their nominees the sole and exclusive right, title and interest in and to such Inventions.
(c) The Company acknowledges and agrees that the provisions of this Section 6.4 do not apply to an Invention: (i) for which no equipment, supplies, or facility of any member of the Parent Group or Confidential Information was used; (ii) that was developed entirely on the Executive’s own time and does not involve the use of Confidential Information; (iii) that does not relate directly to the business of any member of the Parent Group or to the actual or demonstrably anticipated research or development of any member of the Parent Group; and (iv) that does not result from any work performed by the Executive for any member of the Parent Group.
6.6 Reasonableness; Remedies.
The Executive acknowledges that each of the restrictions set forth in this Article VI are reasonable and necessary for the protection of the Company’s business and opportunities (and those of the Parent Group) and that a breach of any of the covenants contained in this Article VI would result in material irreparable injury to the Company and the other members of the Parent Group for which there is no adequate remedy at law and that it will not be possible to measure damages for such injuries precisely.
Accordingly, the Company and any member of the Parent Group shall be entitled to the remedies of injunction and specific performance, or either of such remedies, as well as all other remedies to which any member of the Parent Group may be entitled, at law, in equity or otherwise, without the need for the posting of a bond or by the posting of the minimum bond that may otherwise be required by law or court order.
The Executive and the Company agree that the time periods identified in this Article VI will be stayed, and the Company’s obligation to make any payments or provide any benefits under Article V shall be suspended, during the period of any breach or violation by the Executive of the covenants contained herein.
The Executive acknowledges that his agreement to each of the provisions of this Article VI is fundamental to the Company’s willingness to enter into this Agreement and for it to provide for the severance and other benefits described in Article V, none of which the Company was required to do prior to the date hereof.
Further, it is the express intent and desire of the parties for each provision of this Article VI to be enforced to the fullest extent permitted by law.
If any part of this Article VI, or any provision hereof, is deemed illegal, void, unenforceable or overly broad (including as to time, scope and geography), the parties express desire is that such provision be reformed to the fullest extent possible to ensure its enforceability or if such reformation is deemed impossible then such provision shall be severed from this Agreement, but the remainder of this Agreement (expressly including the other provisions of this Article VI) shall remain in full force and effect.
MISCELLANEOUS
Lewisville, TX 75056
Hogan Lovells US LLP
(b) The parties hereto agree that any dispute or controversy arising under or in connection with this Agreement shall be resolved exclusively and finally by binding arbitration in Lewisville, Texas, in accordance with the rules of the American Arbitration Association then in effect.
Judgment may be entered on the arbitrator’s award in any court having jurisdiction.
If there is any dispute between the Company and the Executive as to the payment of such fees and expenses, the arbitrator shall resolve such dispute, which resolution shall also be final and binding on the parties, and as to such dispute only the burden of proof shall be on the Company.
If an arbitrator or a court of competent jurisdiction determines that any term or provision hereof is void, invalid or otherwise unenforceable, (a) the remaining terms and provision hereof shall be unimpaired and (b) such arbitrator or court shall replace such void, invalid or unenforceable term or provision with a term or provision that is valid and enforceable and that comes closest to expressing the intention of the void, invalid or unenforceable term or provision.
For the avoidance of doubt, the parties expressly intend that this provision extend to Article VI of this Agreement.
This Agreement represents the entire agreement of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and shall supersede any and all previous contracts, arrangements or understandings between the Company, the Parent and the Executive relating to the Executive’s employment by the Company.
Nothing in this Agreement shall modify or alter any indemnity agreement between Parent and the Executive or alter or impair any of the Executive’s rights under the Plans or related award
agreements.
In the event of any conflict between this Agreement and any other agreement between the Executive and the Company (or any other member of the Parent Group), this Agreement shall control.
7.5 Amendment; Modification.
Except for increases in Base Salary, and adjustments with respect to Incentive Compensation, made as provided in Article II, this Agreement may be amended at any time only by mutual written agreement of the Executive and the Company; provided, however, that, notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement or the Plans (or any award documents under the Plans), the Company may reform this Agreement, the Plans (or any award documents under the Plans) or any provision thereof (including, without limitation, an amendment instituting a six-month waiting period before a distribution) or otherwise as contemplated by Section 7.16 below.
The Company shall be entitled to withhold, deduct or collect or cause to be withheld, deducted or collected from payment any amount of withholding taxes required by law, statutory deductions or collections with respect to payments made to the Executive in connection with his employment, termination (including Article V) or his rights hereunder, including as it relates to stock-based compensation.
7.7 Representations.
(a) The Executive hereby represents and warrants to the Company that (i) the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement by the Executive do not and shall not conflict with, breach, violate or cause a default under any contract, agreement, instrument, order, judgment or decree to which the Executive is a party or by which he is bound, and (ii) upon the execution and delivery of this Agreement by the Company, this Agreement shall be the valid and binding obligation of the Executive, enforceable in accordance with its terms.
The Executive hereby acknowledges and represents that he has consulted with legal counsel regarding his rights and obligations under this Agreement and that he fully understands the terms and conditions contained herein.
(b) The Company hereby represents and warrants to the Executive that (i) the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement by the Company do not and shall not conflict with, breach, violate or cause a default under any material contract, agreement, instrument, order, judgment or decree to which the Company is a party or by which it is bound and (ii) upon the execution and delivery of this Agreement by the Executive, this Agreement shall be the valid and binding obligation of the Company, enforceable in accordance with its terms.
7.8 Governing Law; Jurisdiction.
This Agreement shall be construed, interpreted, and in accordance with the laws of the State of Texas without regard to any provision of that State’s rules on the conflicts of law that might make applicable the law of a jurisdiction other than that of the State of Texas.
Except as otherwise provided in Section 7.2, all actions or proceedings arising out of this Agreement shall exclusively be heard and determined in state or federal courts in the State of Texas having appropriate jurisdiction.
The parties expressly consent to the exclusive jurisdiction of such courts in any such action or proceeding and waive any objection to venue laid therein or any claim for forum nonconveniens.
This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of, and shall be enforceable by the Executive, the Company, and their respective heirs, executors, administrators, legal representatives, successors, and assigns.
In the event of a Business Combination (as defined in clause (iii) of Change of Control), the provisions of this Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parent or entity resulting from such Business Combination or to which the assets shall be sold or transferred, which entity from and after the date of such Business Combination shall be deemed to be the Company for purposes of this Agreement.
In the event of any other assignment of this Agreement by the Company, the Company shall remain primarily liable for its obligations hereunder; provided, however, that if the Company is financially unable to meet its obligations hereunder, the Parent shall assume responsibility for the Company’s obligations hereunder pursuant to the guaranty provision following the signature page hereof.
The Executive expressly acknowledges that the Parent and other members of the Parent Group (and their successors and assigns) are third party beneficiaries of this Agreement and may enforce this Agreement on behalf of themselves or the Company.
Both parties agree that there are no third party beneficiaries to this Agreement other than as expressly set forth in this Section 7.9.
7.10 Nonassignability.
Neither this Agreement nor any right or interest hereunder shall be assignable by the Executive, his beneficiaries, dependents or legal representatives without the Company’s prior written consent; provided, however, that nothing in this Section 7.10 shall preclude (a) the Executive from designating a beneficiary to receive any benefit payable hereunder upon his death or (b) the executors, administrators or other legal representatives of the Executive or his estate from assigning any rights hereunder to the Person(s) entitled thereto.
7.11 No Attachment.
Except as required by law, no right to receive payments under this Agreement shall be subject to anticipation, commutation, alienation, sale, assignment, encumbrance, charge, pledge or hypothecation in favor of any third party, or to execution, attachment, levy or similar process or assignment by operation of law in favor of any third party, and any attempt, voluntary or involuntary, to effect any such action shall be null, void and of no effect.
No term or condition of this Agreement shall be deemed to have been waived, nor there be any estoppel against the enforcement of any provision of this Agreement, except by written instrument of the party charged with such waiver or estoppel.
No such written waiver sha1l be deemed a continuing waiver unless specifically stated therein, and each such waiver shall operate only as to the specific term or condition waived and shall not constitute a waiver of such term or condition for the future or as to any act other than that specifically waived.
The headings of articles or sections herein are included solely for convenience of reference and shall not control the meaning or interpretation of any of the provisions of this Agreement.
References to days found herein shall be actual calendar days and not business days unless expressly provided otherwise.
7.14 Counterparts.
This Agreement may be executed by any of the parties hereto in counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original, but all such counterparts shall together constitute one and the same instrument.
This Agreement shall be effective as of the Effective Date when signed by the Executive and the Company.
7.16 Code Section 409A.
(a) It is the intent of the parties that payments and benefits under this Agreement comply with Section 409A and, accordingly, to interpret, to the maximum extent permitted, this Agreement to be in compliance therewith.
To the extent that any provision hereof is modified by the parties to try to comply with Code Section 409A, such modification shall be made in good faith and shall, to the maximum extent reasonably possible, maintain the original intent of the applicable provision without violating the provisions of Code Section 409A.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company shall not be required to assume any economic burden in connection therewith.
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Agreement as of the Effective Date.
Name:
Title:
Guaranty by Parent
Parent (Orthofix International N.V.) is not a party to this Agreement, but joins in this Agreement for the sole purpose of guaranteeing the obligations of the Company to pay, provide, or reimburse the Executive for all cash or other benefits provided for in this Agreement, including the provision of all benefits in the form of, or related to, securities of Parent and to elect or appoint Executive to the positions with Parent and provide Executive with the authority relating thereto as contemplated by Section 1.1 of this Agreement, and to ensure the Board will take the actions required of it hereby.
Name:
Title:
President and Chief Executive Officer
EXHIBIT A
Definitions
For purposes of this Agreement, the following capitalized terms have the meanings set forth below:
“Base Amount” shall mean an amount equal to the sum of:
“Board” shall mean the Board of Directors of Parent.
No act or omission shall be deemed willful or material for purposes of this definition if taken or omitted to he taken by Executive in a good faith belief that such act or omission to act was in the best interests of the Parent Group or if done at the express direction of the Board.
“Change of Control” shall occur upon any of the following events:
who are members of the Board and who were also members of the Incumbent Board (or deemed to be such pursuant to this proviso) shall be considered as though such individual were a member of the Incumbent Board; but provided further that any such individual whose initial assumption of office occurs as a result of either an actual or threatened election contest (as such terms are used in Rule 14a-11 of Regulation 14A promulgated under the Exchange Act) or other actual or threatened solicitation of proxies or consents by or on behalf of a Person other than the Board shall not be so considered as a member of the Incumbent Board;
(vi) Parent files a report or proxy statement with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to the Exchange Act disclosing in response to Form 8-K or Schedule 14A (or any successor schedule, form or report or item therein) that a change of control of Parent has or may have occurred or will or may occur in the future pursuant to any then-existing agreement or transaction; notwithstanding the foregoing, unless determined in a specific case by a majority vote of the Board, a “Change of Control” shall not be deemed to have occurred solely because: (A) an entity in which Parent directly or indirectly beneficially owns 50% or more of the voting securities, or any Parent-sponsored employee stock ownership plan, or any other employee plan of Parent or the Company, either files or becomes obligated to file a report or a proxy statement under or in response to Schedule 13D, Schedule 14D-1, Form 8-K or Schedule 14A (or any successor schedule, form or report or item therein) under the Exchange Act, disclosing beneficial ownership by form or report or item therein, disclosing beneficial ownership by it of shares of stock of Parent, or because Parent reports that a change of control of Parent has or may have occurred or will or may occur in the future by reason of such beneficial ownership or (B) any Parent-sponsored employee stock ownership plan, or any other employee plan of Parent or the Company, either files or becomes obligated to file a report or a proxy statement under or in response to Schedule 130, Schedule 140-l, Form 8-K or Schedule 14A (or any successor schedule, form or report or item therein) under the Exchange Act, disclosing beneficial ownership by form or report or item therein, disclosing beneficial ownership by it of shares of stock of Parent, or because Parent reports that a change of control of Parent has or may have occurred or will or may occur in the future by reason of such beneficial ownership; or
Notwithstanding the above definition of Change of Control, the Board, in its sole discretion, may determine that a Change of Control has occurred for purposes of this Agreement, even if the events giving rise to such Change of Control are not expressly described in the above definition.
“Change of Control Date” shall mean the date on which a Change of Control occurs.
“Code” shall mean the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.
“Competing Business” means any business or activity that (i) competes with any member of the Parent Group for which the Executive performed services or the Executive was involved in for purposes of making strategic or other material business decisions and involves (ii) (A) the same or substantially similar types of products or services (individually or collectively) manufactured, marketed or sold by any member of the Parent Group during Term or (B) products or services so similar in nature to that of any member of the Parent Group during Term (or that any member of the Parent Group will soon thereafter offer) that they would be reasonably likely to displace substantial business opportunities or customers of the Parent Group.
“Confidential Information” shall include Trade Secrets and includes information acquired by the Executive in the course and scope of his activities under this Agreement, including information acquired from third parties, that (i) is not generally known or disseminated outside the Parent Group (such as non-public information), (ii) is designated or marked by any member of the Parent Group as “confidential” or reasonably should be considered confidential or proprietary, or (iii) any member of the Parent Group indicates through its policies, procedures, or other instructions should not be disclosed to anyone outside the Parent Group.
Without limiting the foregoing definitions, some examples of Confidential Information under this Agreement include (a) matters of a technical nature, such as scientific, trade or engineering secrets, “know-how”, formulae, secret processes, inventions, and research and development plans or projects regarding existing and prospective customers and products or services, (b) information about costs, profits, markets, sales, customer lists, customer needs, customer preferences and customer purchasing histories, supplier lists, internal financial data, personnel evaluations, non-public information about medical devices or products of any member of the Parent Group (including future plans about them), information and material provided by third parties in confidence and/or with nondisclosure restrictions, computer access passwords, and internal market studies or surveys and (c) and any other information or matters of a similar nature.
Otherwise, the term “Disability” shall mean the inability of the Executive to perform his duties and responsibilities under this Agreement as a result of a physical or mental illness, disease or personal injury he has incurred.
Any dispute as to whether or not the Executive has a “Disability” for purposes of this Agreement shall be resolved by a physician reasonably satisfactory to the Board and the Executive (or his legal representative, if applicable).
If the Board and the Executive (or his legal representative, if applicable) are unable to agree on a physician, then each shall select one physician and those two physicians shall pick a third physician and the determination of such third physician shall be binding on the parties.
“Exchange Act” shall mean the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.
“Parent” shall mean Orthofix International N.V., an entity organized under the laws of Curacao.
“Parent Group” shall mean Parent, together with its subsidiaries including the Company.
“Person” shall include individuals or entities such as corporations, partnerships, companies, firms, business organizations or enterprises, and governmental or quasi­governmental bodies.
“Prohibited Area” means North America, South America and the European Union, which Prohibited Area the parties have agreed to as a result of the fact that those are the geographic areas in which the members of the Parent Group conduct a preponderance of their business and in which the Executive provides substantive services to the benefit of the Parent Group.
“Section 409A” shall mean Section 409A of the Code and regulations promulgated thereunder (and any similar or successor federal or state statute or regulations).
“Trade Secrets” are information of special value, not generally known to the public that any member of the Parent Group has taken steps to maintain as secret from Persons other than those selected by any member of the Parent Group.
(a) On behalf of myself, my heirs, executors, successors and assigns, I and unconditionally release, waive and forever discharge the Company, its members, divisions, subsidiaries, affiliates and related companies, including the Company Group (as defined below), or any member of the Company Group, and their present and former agents, employees, officers, directors, attorneys, stockholders,  plan fiduciaries, successors and assigns (collectively, the “Releasees”), from any and all claims, demands, actions, causes of action, costs, fees and all liability whatsoever, whether known or unknown, fixed or contingent, suspected or unsuspected (collectively, “Claims”), which I had, have, or may have against Releasees relating to or arising out of my employment by or separation from the Company and its direct and indirect subsidiaries and parents, including, without limitation, Orthofix International N.V. (collectively, the “Company Group”), up to and including the date of execution of this Release, other than my right to receive the severance payments and other benefits and consideration described in the Employment Agreement.
This Release includes, without limitation: (i) claims at law or equity or sounding in contract (express or implied) or tort; (ii) claims arising under any federal, state or local laws of any jurisdiction that prohibit age, sex, race, national origin, color, disability, religion, veteran or military status, sexual orientation or any other form of discrimination, harassment or retaliation (including, without limitation, the Civil Rights Act of 1866, the Age Discrimination in Employment Act, the Older Workers Benefit Protection Act, the Americans with Disabilities Act, Title VII of the 1964 Civil Rights Act, the Civil Rights Act of 1991, the Rehabilitation Act, the Family and Medical Leave Act, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, the Employee Polygraph Protection Act, the Uniformed Services Employment and Reemployment Rights Act of 1994, the Unruh Civil Rights Act, or any other federal, state or local laws, regulations and ordinances governing discrimination, harassment or retaliation in employment; and the right to bring demands, complaints, causes of action, and claims under any other federal, state, local or common law, statute, regulation or decision); (iii) claims arising under the Employee Retirement Income Security Act; or (iv) any other statutory or common law claims related to my employment with the Company or my separation from the Company.
I further covenant not to sue any of the Releasees with respect to any matters released hereby.
(b) This release does not include a release or waiver of any rights or claims I have, or might subsequently have in my capacity as a stockholder of Orthofix International N.V.
In addition, this Release shall not release the Company from its continuing obligation to honor the terms of the Employment Agreement.
However, this Release shall remain in full force and effect regardless of any claim by me that the Company failed to honor the terms of the Employment Agreement.
In the event of any such dispute, my sole remedy against the Company shall be to enforce the terms of the Employment Agreement.
I am also not waiving, and nothing in this Release is intended to waive, any right to coverage under any directors and officers insurance coverage, if any, provided by the Company, the Company Group, or any member of the Company Group, or any right to indemnification or expense advancement under any indemnification agreement, or any applicable Company Group articles of incorporation, bylaws or similar organizational document, if any, in each case, to which I might be entitled.
I am also not waiving, and nothing in this Release is intended to waive any claims I may have for unemployment insurance or workers’ compensation benefits, state disability compensation, claims for any vested benefits under any Company-sponsored benefit plan, or any claims that, as a matter of law, may not be released by private agreement.
I am also not waiving, and nothing in this Release is intended to waive, any claims relating to the validity or enforceability of this Release; or any non-waivable right to file a charge with the United States Equal Employment Opportunity Commission (the “EEOC”) or the National Labor Relations Board (“NLRB”); provided, however, that I shall not be entitled to recover any monetary damages or to non-monetary relief if the EEOC or NLRB were to pursue any claims relating to my employment with the Company.
EXCEPT AS OUTLINED ABOVE, THIS MEANS THAT, BY SIGNING THIS RELEASE, I WILL WAIVE ANY RIGHT I MAY HAVE HAD TO PURSUE OR BRING A LAWSUIT OR MAKE ANY LEGAL CLAIM AGAINST THE COMPANY OR THE RELEASEES THAT IN ANY WAY ARISES FROM OR RELATES TO MY EMPLOYMENT OR THE TERMINATION OF THAT EMPLOYMENT, UP TO AND INCLUDING THE DATE OF THE EXECUTION OF THIS RELEASE.
(c) I acknowledge that different or additional facts may be discovered in addition to what I now know or believe to be true with respect to the matters herein released, and I agree that this Release shall be and remain in effect in all respects as a complete and final release of the matters released, notwithstanding any such different or additional facts.
I represent and warrant that I have not previously filed or joined in any claims against the Company or any of the Releasees, that I have not given or sold any portion of any claims released herein to anyone else, and that I will indemnify and hold harmless the Releasees from all liabilities, claims, demands, costs, expenses and/or attorneys’ fees incurred as a result of any such assignment or transfer.
(d) I acknowledge that I have been given an opportunity of [twenty one (21) / forty five (45)]1 to consider this Release, but I may voluntarily waive that period by signing it earlier, and I acknowledge that I am being advised herein to consult with legal counsel of my own choosing prior to executing this Release.
I understand and agree that this Release will not be effective and enforceable until after the Revocation Period expires without revocation, and if I elect to exercise this revocation right, this Release shall be voided in its entirety, and the Company shall be relieved of all obligations under this Release and all obligations under the Employment Agreement as provided therein.
I agree not to disclose, publish or use any confidential information of the Company Group, except as the Company directs or authorizes unless required by law to do so.
I also agree that I will take all reasonable measures to protect the secrecy of and avoid disclosure and unauthorized use of confidential information of the Company Group, and I will immediately notify the Company in the event of any unauthorized use or disclosure of the Company Group’s confidential information of which I become aware.
I agree that the obligations set forth in this paragraph do not supersede, but are in addition to, any previous confidentiality obligations agreed to by me and any member of the Company Group, including those under the Agreement.
The confidentiality provisions set forth in this Release are contractual and their terms are material to this Release.
In any proceeding brought to enforce or seek damages for the alleged breach of the confidentiality provisions of this Release, the party successfully prosecuting or defending such action shall be entitled to recover from the opposing party its reasonable expenses, including attorneys’ fees.
I agree to hold harmless the Releasees, at my sole cost and expense, from and against any claims arising from my breach of this Release (including breaches of my post separation obligations under the Agreement).
I agree that I have not made and shall not make, publicly or privately, any critical or negative comments to the media or any significant critical or negative comments to any other person (including future or prospective employees) regarding any of the Releasees.
I understand it is my choice whether or not to enter into this Release and that my decision to do so is voluntary and is made knowingly.
I represent and acknowledge that in executing this Release, I do not rely, and have not relied, on any communications, statements, inducements or representations, oral or written, by any of the Releasees, except as expressly contained in this Release.
The Company and 1 agree that this Release shall be binding on us and our heirs, administrators, representatives, executors, successors and assigns, and shall inure to the benefit of our heirs, administrators, representatives, executors, successors and assigns.
This Release shall be interpreted under and governed by the laws of the State of Texas.
The Company and I agree that the language of this Release shall in all cases be construed as a whole, according to its fair meaning, and not strictly for or against either party.
The Company and I agree that should that any provision of this Release be determined to be illegal or invalid, the validity of the remaining provisions will not be affected and any illegal or invalid provision will be deemed not to be a part of this Release.
The Company and I agree that this Release may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall be deemed one and the same instrument.
(Remainder of this page intentionally left blank)
Please read carefully as this document includes a General Release of claims.
As evidenced by my signature below, I certify that I have read the above Release and agree to its terms.
Accepted and Acknowledged:
Title:
PRESIDENT & CEO
