Manmeet S. Soni
NOW, THEREFORE, IT IS HEREBY AGREED AS FOLLOWS:
(a)Position and Duties.
(i)During the Employment Period, or any Additional Employment Period, the Executive shall serve as the Chief Financial Officer and an Executive Vice President of the Company and, in so doing, shall report to the Chief Executive Officer of the Company.
The Executive shall have supervision and control over, and responsibility for, such management and operational functions of the Company currently assigned to such positions, and shall have such other powers and duties (including holding officer positions with one or more subsidiaries of the Company) as may from time to time be prescribed by the Board of Directors of the Company (the “Board”), so long as such powers and duties are reasonable and customary for the Chief Financial Officer of an enterprise comparable to the Company.
and efficiently such responsibilities.
During the Employment Period, or any Additional Employment Period, it shall not be a violation of this Agreement for the Executive to (A) serve on corporate, civic or charitable boards or committees, (B) deliver lectures, fulfill speaking engagements or teach at educational institutions, or (C) manage personal investments, so long as such activities do not significantly interfere with the performance of the Executive’s responsibilities as an employee of the Company in accordance with this Agreement.
During the Employment Period, or any Additional Employment Period, the Executive shall be entitled to participate in all incentive, savings and retirement plans, practices, policies and programs applicable generally to other executives of the Company (the “Investment Plans”).
During the Employment Period, or any Additional Employment Period, the Executive and/or the Executive’s family, as the case may be, shall be eligible for participation in and shall receive all benefits under welfare benefit plans, practices, policies and programs (the “Welfare Plans”) provided generally to other executives of the Company.
In the event of a Change in Control, for a period of two years following the occurrence of the Change in Control, the Company, or its successor, will continue to provide the Executive and/or the Executive’s family, as the case may be,
benefits that are not materially diminished, taken as a whole, from the benefits provided to the Executive and/or the Executive’s family, as the case may be, under the Welfare Plans in effect immediately prior to the Change in Control.
During the Employment Period, or any Additional Employment Period, the Executive shall be entitled to paid vacation and paid holidays in accordance with the plans, policies, programs and practices of the Company for its executives.
The Time-Vested Option will vest over a period of four years, with 25% of the shares vesting on August 28, 2020, and with the remaining shares vesting in equal amounts quarterly thereafter.
The determination of a Spin Co’s or an Acquiring Co’s revenue shall be based on the latest financial information available to the Company.
“Spin Co” shall mean any company the equity of which had previously been distributed to the stockholders of the Company, but any revenue calculations with respect to Spin Co shall only be made with respect to  assets owned by Spin Co at the time of such distribution of equity.
“Acquiring Co” shall mean any company to which the Company sells or licenses a compound  which is or has been subject to a phase 3 or pivotal clinical trial that is being conducted, or has been completed, by the Company (including a compound which has been approved for marketing and sale), but any revenue calculations with respect to an Acquiring Co shall (1) only be made with respect to compounds sold or licensed to Acquiring Co by the Company and (2) be reduced by any royalty revenue based on product sales booked by the Company with respect to compounds sold or licensed to the Acquiring
At the Executive’s election, at the time of vesting of the RSUs, the Executive may pay the required withholding taxes by having the Company withhold shares of Stock equal in value to the amount of required withholding taxes.
For the avoidance of doubt, any portion of the Performance-Based Options or RSUs that have not vested prior to the expiration date will be forfeited.
Any such extension will be documented in writing.
For purposes of this Agreement, “Disability” shall mean that the Executive is unable to engage in any substantial gainful activity by reason of any medically determinable physical or mental impairment that can be expected to result in death or can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less than 12 months.
For purposes of this Agreement, “Cause” shall mean:
For purposes of this Agreement, “Good Reason” shall mean, without the express written consent of the Executive, the occurrence of any of the following:
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, any isolated, insubstantial and inadvertent action not taken in bad faith and that is remedied by the Company promptly after receipt of notice thereof given by the Executive shall not be or constitute Good Reason.
The failure by the Executive or the Company to set forth in the Notice of Termination any fact or circumstance which contributes to a showing of Good Reason or Cause shall not waive any right of the Executive or the Company hereunder or preclude the Executive or the Company from asserting such fact or circumstance in enforcing the Executive’s or the Company’s rights hereunder.
Subject to Section 4(f), and notwithstanding the provisions of Section 2(b)(vii) or the provisions of any applicable plan or agreement, the Performance-Based Option and the RSUs shall immediately vest at the Date of Termination to the same extent as to which the Time-Vested Option shall have been vested at the Date of Termination, and such vested Performance-Based Option and RSUs may be exercised or settled in accordance with the terms of this Agreement and the applicable plan or award agreement.
In addition, notwithstanding the provisions of any applicable plan or agreement and subject to Section 4(f), equity awards held by the Executive that otherwise would have been forfeited will continue to remain outstanding, unvested (and will not continue vesting) and subject to forfeiture for a period of six months following the Date of Termination (such equity awards, the “Unvested Equity Awards”).
If a Change in Control occurs during such six month period the Unvested Equity Awards will vest in accordance with Section 4(d)(v).
The Executive may elect, and the Company will allow, the payment of the exercise price of any outstanding vested stock options, and the satisfaction of any required tax withholding with respect to any vested outstanding stock option or other equity award, through the withholding of shares otherwise issuable to the Executive pursuant to the stock option or other equity award.
Such Welfare Benefit Continuation provided in this Section 4(d)(ii) is in addition to any rights Executive may have to continue such coverages under the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985, as amended (“COBRA”).
(iii)Subject to Section 4(f), notwithstanding the provisions of any applicable plan or agreement, all equity awards granted by the Company to, or otherwise held by, the Executive shall immediately vest in full and any repurchase provisions (other than fair market value repurchase provisions) will lapse and such awards may be exercised and/or settled in accordance with the terms of the applicable plan or award agreement; provided, however, the Executive may elect, and the Company will allow, the exercise of any outstanding stock options, and the satisfaction of any required tax withholding with respect to any outstanding stock option or other equity award, through the withholding of shares otherwise issuable to the Executive pursuant to the stock option or other equity award.
The post employment exercise period for stock options under the Equity Documents shall be measured from the date of the Change in Control.
eighteenth of all unvested equity awards at the time of the Change in Control on each subsequent month anniversary of the Change in Control such that the equity awards will be 100% vested and, as applicable, exercisable on the eighteen month anniversary of the Change in Control; provided, however, that if 100% of the equity awards would otherwise become vested pursuant to the vesting rules stated above or in the Equity Documents prior to the eighteen month anniversary of the date of the Change in Control, then the equity awards will become vested and, as applicable, exercisable in accordance with such vesting rules or Equity Documents.
For purposes of this Agreement, “Change in Control” means the occurrence of any of the following events:
(i)The Company is not the surviving entity in any merger or consolidation (or survives only as a subsidiary of an entity other than a previously wholly owned subsidiary of the Company) and as a result of such merger or consolidation, stockholders of the Company immediately prior to such merger cease to own more than 50% of the outstanding capital stock of the surviving corporation determined on a fully diluted basis;
(ii)The Company sells, leases, or exchanges or agrees to sell, lease, or exchange more than 50% of its assets to any other person or entity (other than a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company);
Notwithstanding the foregoing definition of Change in Control (other than clause (iii) of such definition), a Change in Control shall only be deemed to occur upon a “change in the ownership or effective control of the Company, or in the ownership of a substantial portion of the assets of the Company” under Section 409A of the Code.
Notwithstanding any other provision in this Agreement to the contrary, in consideration for receiving the accelerated vesting described in Sections 4(b) or 4(d) and the payments described in Section 4(b)(ii), Section 4(c)(ii) or Section 4(d)(i)(B), the Executive hereby agrees to execute (and not revoke) a release agreement in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A (the “Release”) within 60 days of the Date of Termination.
For purposes of this Agreement, the Release shall be considered to have been executed by the Executive if it is signed by the Executive’s legal representative (in the case of the Executive’s incapacity due to physical or mental illness) or on behalf of the Executive’s estate (in the case of the Executive’s death).
In the event that it is determined that any payment (other than the Gross-Up payment provided for in this Section 4(g)) or distribution by the Company (or any of its Affiliates) to or for the benefit of Executive, whether paid or payable or distributed or distributable pursuant to the terms of this Agreement or otherwise pursuant to or by reason of any other agreement, policy, plan, program or arrangement, including without limitation any stock option or similar right, or the lapse or termination of any restriction on or the vesting or exercisability of any of the foregoing (a “Payment”), would be subject to the excise tax imposed by Section 4999 of the Code (or any successor provision thereto) by reason of being considered “contingent on a change in ownership or control” of the Company, within the meaning of Section 280G of the Code or any successor provision thereto (such tax being hereafter referred to as the “Excise Tax”), then the Executive will be entitled to receive an additional payment or payments (a “Gross-Up Payment”).
The determination of whether an Excise Tax would be imposed, the amount of such Excise Tax, and the calculation of the amounts referred to in this Section 4(g) will be made at the expense of the Company by the Company’s regular independent accounting firm (the “Accounting Firm”), which shall provide detailed supporting calculations.
Any determination by the Accounting Firm will be binding upon the Company and the Executive.
In the event that the Excise Tax is later determined by the Accounting Firm or pursuant to any proceeding or negotiations with the Internal Revenue Service to exceed the Gross-Up Payment at the time the payment is made under this Section 4(g) (including, but not limited to, by reason of any payment the existence or amount of which cannot be determined at the time of such payment), the Company shall make an additional payment in respect of such excess (plus any interest or penalty payable with respect to such excess) at the time that the amount of such excess is finally determined.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event that any portion of the payment made hereunder that is to be refunded to the Company has been paid to any Federal, state or local tax authority, repayment thereof shall not be required until actual refund or credit of such portion has been made to the Executive, and interest payable to the Company shall not exceed interest received or credited to the Executive by such tax authority for the period it held such portion.
(h)Specified Employee Provisions.
To the extent the Executive’s “separation from service” is within the 60 day period ending on December 31 of any calendar year, the severance payable pursuant to Section 4(b)(ii), Section 4(c)(ii) and Section 4(d)(i)(B) will be paid no earlier than the first business day of the following calendar year.
5.Restrictive Covenants.
(i)The Executive hereby recognizes and acknowledges that the business of the Company and its Affiliates is highly competitive and that certain information related to their business, including, without limitation, their plans, strategies, research and development, testing methods, clinical trial results, costs, prices, business methods, customer names and needs, prospect names and needs, names of referral sources,
identity of contact persons, marketing plans, reports, manuals, methods, costing procedures, information relating to the services provided, developed, used or in the process of development, their services, customer-related lists and other customer information, formatting and programming concepts and plans, computer programs, simulations, data bases, pricing policies, financial information, methods of doing business, policy and/or procedure manuals, training and recruiting procedures, accounting procedures, the status and content of their contracts with their customers, the identity and performance of their employees, their business philosophy, and servicing methods and techniques at any time used, developed, or investigated by them, which are not generally known by or available to the public or which are maintained as confidential by them, comprises confidential or proprietary business information that is a valuable, special, and unique asset of the Company and its Affiliates, that such confidential or proprietary information has been developed through their expenditure of substantial time and money, and that all such confidential or proprietary information could be used by the Executive and others to compete unfairly with them (all such information is jointly referred to herein as “Confidential Information and Trade Secrets”).
The Executive hereby agrees that the Confidential Information and Trade Secrets shall constitute trade secrets, and further agrees not to use or disclose such information except as required to do so by subpoena or other legal process (after the Company has been given reasonable notice and opportunity to seek relief from such subpoena or other legal process).
The Executive also agrees to maintain in confidence any confidential or proprietary information of third parties that the Executive received during the course of and as a result of the Executive’s employment with the Company and its Affiliates.
No information otherwise in the public domain (other than by an act of the Executive in violation hereof) shall be considered Confidential Information and Trade Secrets.
(iii)The Executive shall promptly and fully disclose all Intellectual Property to the Company.
“Intellectual Property” means all information, ideas, concepts, improvements, discoveries and inventions, whether patentable or not, and whether or not reduced to practice, that are conceived, developed, made or acquired by the Company, either individually or jointly with others, and that relate to the past, present or anticipated business of the Company, irrespective of whether the Executive utilized the Company’s time or facilities and irrespective of whether such information, ideas, concepts, improvements, discoveries and inventions were conceived, developed, discovered or acquired by the Executive on the job, at home or elsewhere.
The Executive hereby assigns and agrees to assign to the Company (or as otherwise directed by the Company) Executive’s full right, title and interest in and to all Intellectual Property.
The Executive
agrees to execute any and all applications for domestic and foreign patents, copyrights or other proprietary rights (including, without limitation, the execution and delivery of instruments of further assurance or confirmation) requested by the Company to assign the Intellectual Property to the Company and to permit the Company to enforce any patents, copyrights or other proprietary rights to the Intellectual Property.
The Executive will, at the Company’s expense, take such other actions as the Company may reasonably request to so assign or enforce such Intellectual Property.
All copyrightable Intellectual Property that Executive created during Executive’s employment is considered “work made for hire.”
(b)Non-Competition; Non-Solicitation.
(i)The Company hereby makes a binding promise not conditioned upon continued employment to provide the Executive with Confidential Information and Trade Secrets above and beyond any Confidential Information and Trade Secrets the Executive may have previously received.
In order in part to protect the Confidential Information and Trade Secrets, and as part of the consideration for the payments described in Section 4 of this Agreement, the Company and the Executive agree to the provisions of this Section 5(b).
As a part of the employment relationship, the Executive learned of and the Company disclosed to the Executive Confidential Information and Trade Secrets.
Accordingly, the Executive hereby agrees that, for one year after the Executive ceases to provide services to the Company, the Executive will not:
A.directly or indirectly, individually or as an officer, director, employee, stockholder, consultant, contractor, partner, joint venturer, agent, equity owner or in any capacity whatsoever, (1) engage in any Competing Business (as hereinafter defined) or (2) divert or take away any customers of the Company or its Affiliates.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company agrees that the Executive may own less than five percent of the outstanding voting securities of any publicly traded company that is a Competing Business so long as the Executive does not otherwise participate in such Competing Business in any way prohibited by the preceding clause;
B.use Executive’s access to, knowledge of, or application of Confidential Information and Trade Secrets to perform any duty for any Competing Business; it being understood and agreed to that this Section 5(b)(i)(B) shall be in addition to and not be construed as a limitation upon the covenants in Section 5(a);
(ii)The restrictions in this Section 5(b) shall be in addition to any restrictions imposed upon the Executive by statute or at common law.
(iii)“Competing Business” means any business that researches, develops, manufactures, markets, licenses or sells (A) antioxidant inflammation modulators that target Keap 1 and activate Nrf2 or have similar mechanisms of action or (B) any other product, compound, or agent having the same or similar mechanisms of action as any product, compound or agent that is being actively developed, manufactured, marketed, licensed or sold by the Company at the Date of Termination.
(iv)“Affiliate” means, with respect to the Company or any other specified Person, any other Person directly or indirectly controlling, controlled by or under common control with the Company or such other specified Person, where control may be by management authority, equity interest or other means.
(v)“Person” means any person or entity of any nature whatsoever, specifically including an individual, a firm, a company, a corporation, a partnership, a limited liability company, a trust or other entity.
The parties hereby acknowledge that the restrictions in this Section 5 have been specifically negotiated and agreed to by the parties hereto and are limited only to those restrictions necessary to protect the Company from unfair competition and to protect the Confidential Information and Trade Secrets and the business and goodwill of the Company and its Affiliates.
The parties hereby agree that if the scope or enforceability of any provision, paragraph or subparagraph of this Section 5 is in any way disputed at any time, and should a court find that such restrictions are overly broad, the court may modify and enforce the covenant to the extent that it believes to be reasonable under the circumstances.
Each provision, paragraph and subparagraph of the Section 5 is separable from every other provision, paragraph, and subparagraph and constitutes a separate and distinct covenant.
Nevertheless, the Executive agrees that the enforcement of the restrictions in this Section 5 would not cause the Executive any undue hardship or unreasonably interfere with Executive’s ability to earn a livelihood.
The Executive and the Company each agree to refrain from engaging in any conduct, or from making any comments or statements, which have the purpose or effect of harming the Executive’s reputation or goodwill, on the one hand, or the reputation or goodwill of the Company or any of its Affiliates, employees, directors or stockholders, on the other hand.
The Company’s obligation to make the payments provided for in this Agreement and otherwise to perform its obligations hereunder shall not be affected by any set-off, counterclaim, recoupment, defense or other claim, right or action which the Company may have against the Executive or others.
In no event shall the Executive be obligated to seek other
employment or take any other action by way of mitigation of the amounts payable to the Executive under any of the provisions of this Agreement.
Neither the Executive nor the Company shall be liable to the other party for any damages in addition to the amounts payable under Section 4 hereof arising out of the termination of the Executive’s employment prior to the end of the Employment Period, or any Additional Employment Period; provided, however, that the Company shall be entitled to seek damages for any breach of the noncompetition provisions of Section 5 hereof or of the Employee Confidentiality, Nondisclosure, Intellectual Property and Nonsolicitation Agreement, dated August 28, 2019, by and between the Executive and the Company.
(a)This Agreement is personal to the Executive and, without the prior written consent of the Company, shall not be assignable by the Executive otherwise than by will or the laws of descent and distribution.
This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by the Executive’s legal representatives.
(b)This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the Company and its successors and assigns.
(c)The Company will require any successor (whether direct or indirect, by purchase, merger, consolidation, pursuant to a Change in Control or otherwise) to all or substantially all of the business and/or assets of the Company to assume expressly and agree to perform this Agreement in the same manner and to the same extent that the Company would be required to perform it if no such succession had taken place.
As used in this Agreement, “Company” shall mean the Company as hereinbefore defined and any successor to its business and/or assets as aforesaid which assumes and agrees to perform this Agreement by operation of law, or otherwise.
The existence of this Agreement shall not prohibit or restrict the Executive’s entitlement to full participation in the executive compensation, executive benefit and other plans or programs in which executives of the Company are eligible to participate.
(a)This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Texas, without reference to principles of conflict of laws.
The captions of this Agreement are not part of the provisions hereof and shall have no force or effect.
This Agreement may not be amended or modified otherwise than by a written agreement executed by the parties hereto or their respective successors and legal representatives.
Manmeet S. Soni
Irving, Texas 75063
or to such other address as either party shall have furnished to the other in writing in accordance herewith.
(c)If any provision of this Agreement is held to be illegal, invalid or unenforceable under present or future laws effective during the term of this Agreement, such provision shall be fully severable; this Agreement shall be construed and enforced as if such illegal, invalid or unenforceable provision had never comprised a portion of this Agreement; and the remaining provisions of this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect and shall not be affected by the illegal, invalid or unenforceable provision or by its severance from this Agreement.
Furthermore, in lieu of such illegal, invalid or unenforceable provision there shall be added automatically as part of this Agreement a provision as similar in terms to such illegal, invalid or unenforceable provision as may be possible and be legal, valid and enforceable.
(d)The Company may withhold from any amounts payable under this Agreement such Federal, state or local taxes as shall be required to be withheld pursuant to any applicable law or regulation.
(e)The Executive’s or the Company’s failure to insist upon strict compliance with any provision of this Agreement or the failure to assert any right the Executive or the Company may have hereunder, including, without limitation, the right of the Executive to terminate employment for Good Reason, shall not be deemed to be a waiver of such provision or right or of any other provision or right of this Agreement.
(f)If any dispute arises out of this Agreement, the “complaining party” shall give the “other party” written notice of such dispute.
The other party shall have 10 business days to resolve the dispute to the complaining party’s satisfaction.
If the dispute is not resolved by the end of such period, either disputing party may require the other to submit to non-binding mediation with the assistance of a neutral, unaffiliated mediator.
If the parties encounter difficulty in agreeing upon a neutral unaffiliated mediator, they shall seek the assistance of the American Arbitration Association in the selection process.
If mediation is unsuccessful or if mediation has not commenced, in either case within 30 days after the other party received the notice of dispute, the complaining party may by written notice (the “Notice”) demand arbitration of the dispute as set out below, and each party hereto expressly agrees to submit to, and be bound by, such arbitration.
(i)Each party will, within 10 business days of the Notice, nominate an arbitrator, who shall be a non-neutral arbitrator.
Each nominated arbitrator must be someone experienced in dispute resolution and of good character without moral turpitude and not within the employ or direct or indirect influence of the nominating party.
The two nominated arbitrators will, within 10 business days of nomination, agree upon a third arbitrator, who shall be neutral.
If the two appointed arbitrators cannot agree on a third arbitrator within such period, the parties may seek such an appointment through any
permitted court proceeding or by the American Arbitration Association (“AAA”).
The three arbitrators will set the rules and timing of the arbitration, but will generally follow the rules of the AAA and this Agreement where same are applicable and shall provide for a reasoned opinion.
(ii)The arbitration hearing will in no event take place more than 180 days after the appointment of the third arbitrator.
(iii)The mediation and the arbitration will take place in Irving, Texas unless otherwise unanimously agreed to by the parties.
(iv)The results of the arbitration and the decision of the arbitrators will be final and binding on the parties and each party agrees and acknowledges that these results shall be enforceable in a court of law.
(v)All costs and expenses of the mediation and arbitration shall be born equally by the Company and the Executive.
(g)The Company and the Executive hereby agree that Sections 4, 5, 6, 7, 8 and 9, shall survive the expiration of the Employment Period, and any Additional Employment Period, in accordance with their terms.
(h)The parties hereto intend that any amounts payable hereunder comply with or are exempt from Section 409A of the Code (“Section 409A”) (including under Treasury Regulation §§ 1.409A-1(b)(4) (“short-term deferrals”) and (b)(9) (“separation pay plans,” including the exceptions under subparagraph (iii) and subparagraph (v)(D)) and other applicable provisions of Treasury Regulation §§ 1.409A-1 through A-6).
This Agreement shall be administered, interpreted and construed in a manner that does not result in the imposition of additional taxes, penalties or interest under Section 409A.
The Company and the Executive agree to negotiate in good faith to make amendments to the Agreement, as the parties mutually agree are necessary or desirable to avoid the imposition of taxes, penalties or interest under Section 409A.
Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, (A) the amount of expenses eligible to receive reimbursement or the in-kind benefits provided during any calendar year (including any applicable gross-up) shall not affect the amount of expenses for which the Executive is eligible to receive reimbursement or in-kind benefits provided during any other calendar year within the Employment Period, or any Additional Employment Period, (B) the reimbursement of expenses under this Agreement shall be made on or before the last day of the calendar year following the calendar year in which the expense was incurred and (C) the Executive will not receive a payment or other benefit in lieu of reimbursement or an in-kind benefit under this Agreement.
The parties hereto agree that, in the event of any conflict or inconsistency between this Agreement and the plan document governing any equity award, the terms of the plan document shall control and, if necessary, this Agreement shall be deemed amended so as to carry out the purpose and intent of the plan document.
In the event of any inconsistency between any provision of this Agreement and any provision of any employee handbook, personnel manual, program, policy, or arrangement of the Company or any of its Affiliates, or any provision of any agreement, plan, or corporate governance document of any of them (other than the terms of the plan document governing any equity award), the provisions of this Agreement shall control unless the Executive otherwise agrees in a signed writing that expressly refers to the provision whose control the Executive is waiving.
The Company agrees not to impose any restrictions, enforceable by injunction, on Executive’s post-employment activities, other than those expressly set forth in this Agreement.
(k)The provisions of this Agreement constitute the complete understanding and agreement among the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof.
(l)This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts.
The Executive further understands, and the Company agrees, that this Agreement, and any other agreement between the Executive and the Company, does not limit the Executive’s right to receive an award for information provided to any Government Agency.
The Executive may not be held criminally or civilly liable under any federal or state trade secret law for the disclosure of a trade secret that: (a) is made (i) in confidence to a federal, state or local government official, either directly or indirectly, or to an attorney; and (ii) solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law; or (b) is made in a complaint or other document that is filed under seal in a lawsuit or other proceeding.
Further, if the Executive files a lawsuit for retaliation by the Company for reporting a suspected violation of law, the Executive may disclose the Company’s trade secrets to the attorney and use the trade secret information in the court proceeding if the Executive: (a) files any document containing the trade secret under seal; and (b) does not disclose the trade secret, except pursuant to court order.
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Executive has hereunto set the Executive’s hand and, pursuant to the authorization from its Board, the Company has caused this Agreement to be executed in its name on its behalf, as of the date first written above.
Manmeet S. Soni
You have __ days to consider this Release, which you agree is a reasonable amount of time.
10.Definitions.
(a)“Released Parties” means the Company and its past, present and future parents, subsidiaries, divisions, successors, predecessors, employee benefit plans and affiliated or related companies, and also each of the foregoing entities’ past, present and future owners, officers, directors, stockholders, investors, partners, managers, principals, members, committees, administrators, sponsors, executors, trustees, fiduciaries, employees, agents, assigns, representatives and attorneys, in their personal and representative capacities.
Each of the Released Parties is an intended beneficiary of this Release.
(b)“Claims” means all theories of recovery of whatever nature, whether known or unknown, recognized by the law or equity of any jurisdiction.
It includes but is not limited to any and all actions, causes of action, lawsuits, claims, complaints, petitions, charges, demands, liabilities, indebtedness, losses, damages, rights and judgments in which you have had or may have an interest.
It also includes but is not limited to any claim for wages, benefits or other compensation; provided, however that nothing in this Release will affect your entitlement to any of the following, none of which shall be deemed to be a Claim: (i) benefits pursuant to the terms of any employee benefit plan (as defined in the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended) sponsored by the Company in which you are a participant; (ii) outstanding equity compensation awards previously granted to you pursuant to any equity compensation plan sponsored by the Company (the “Equity Plan and Equity Awards”); (iii) to enforce your rights to receive the consideration set forth in Section 2 below and any other rights under the Employment Agreement; or (iv) indemnification and D&O insurance (as set forth in the Employment Agreement, any other agreement to which you and the Company are a party, or the charter or bylaws of the Company) (the “Indemnification Rights”).
The term Claims also includes but is not limited to claims asserted by you or on your behalf by some other person, entity or government agency.
(b)The release set forth in Paragraph 3(a) includes, but is not limited to, any and all Claims under (i) the common law (tort, contract or other) of any jurisdiction; (ii) the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, the Age Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967 and the Older Worker’s Benefit Protection Act of 1990, as amended, the Americans with Disabilities Act, Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, and any other federal, state and local statutes, ordinances, employee orders and regulations prohibiting discrimination or retaliation upon the basis of age, race, sex, national original, religion, disability, or other unlawful factor; (iii) the National Labor Relations Act; (iv) the Employee Retirement Income Security Act; (v) the Family and Medical Leave Act; (vi) the Fair Labor Standards Act; (vii) the Equal Pay Act; (viii) the Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification Act; and (ix) any other federal, state or local law.
(c)In furtherance of this Release, you promise not to bring any Claims against any of the Released Parties in or before any court or arbitral authority.
(d.)Nothing in this Release prevents you from filing any non-legally waivable claim with the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission (“EEOC”) or other federal, state or local agency or participating in (or cooperating with) any investigation or proceeding conducted by the EEOC or other federal, state or local agency; however, you understand and agree that you are waiving any and all rights to recover any monetary or personal relief or to obtain any other recovery as a result of such proceeding or subsequent legal action or any action pursued by any person or entity on your behalf.
You acknowledge that, by entering into this Release, the Company does not admit to any wrongdoing in connection with your employment or termination, and that this Release is intended as a compromise of any Claims you have or may have against the Released Parties.
You acknowledge that you continue to be subject to the Employee Confidentiality, Nondisclosure, Intellectual Property and Nonsolicitation Agreement by and between you and the Company.
14.ADEA Rights.
You further acknowledge that:
(a)You have been advised that you have the right to seek legal counsel before signing this Release and you have had adequate opportunity to do so.
You warrant that you are executing this Release voluntarily and of your own free will, after having a reasonable period of time to review and deliberate regarding its meaning and effect.
[To be included as applicable.]
This Release will not become effective or enforceable until the revocation period has expired.
If you revoke your acceptance of this Release pursuant to this Section 5(d), the Company will not provide you with any of the consideration described in Section 2 above and all other terms of this Release will become null and void.
15.Applicable Law.
This Release shall be construed and interpreted pursuant to the laws of the State of Texas without regard to its choice of law rules.
Each part, term, or provision of this Release is severable from the others.
Notwithstanding any possible future finding by a duly constituted authority that a particular part, term, or provision is invalid, void, or unenforceable, this Release has been made with the clear intention that the validity and enforceability of the remaining parts, terms and provisions shall not be affected thereby.
If any part, term, or provision is so found invalid, void or unenforceable, the applicability of any such part, term or provision shall be modified to the minimum extent necessary to make it or its application valid and enforceable.
17.Litigation Assistance and Cooperation.
You acknowledge and affirm that you may be a witness in litigation, arbitrations, government or other administrative proceedings involving the Company of which you have specific knowledge.
The Company and you acknowledge and agree that each party has continuing obligations to the other party under the Employment Agreement, the Indemnification Rights, and Equity Plan and Equity Agreements.
Accordingly, the Company and you acknowledge and agree that, to the extent expressly provided in each agreement, the Employment Agreement, Indemnification Rights and Equity Plan and Equity Agreements shall remain in full force and effect in accordance with their respective terms.
4 I ACKNOWLEDGE THAT I HAVE CAREFULLY READ THE FOREGOING AGREEMENT, UNDERSTAND ALL OF ITS TERMS, UNDERSTAND THAT IT CONTAINS A COMPLETE RELEASE OF ALL KNOWN AND UNKNOWN CLAIMS, AND AM ENTERING INTO IT VOLUNTARILY.
