WHEREAS, the Company and the Buyer are executing and delivering this Agreement in accordance with and in reliance upon the exemption from securities registration afforded, inter alia, by Rule 506 under Regulation D (“Regulation D”) as promulgated by the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “1933 Act”), and/or Section 4(2) of the 1933 Act; and
NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the mutual covenants contained herein and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties agree as follows:
Certain Definitions.
As used herein, each of the following terms has the meaning set forth below, unless the context otherwise requires:
(i) “Affiliate” means, with respect to a specific Person referred to in the relevant provision, another Person who or which controls or is controlled by or is under common control with such specified Person.
“Commitment Fee” shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 12(a).
(vi) “Common Stock” shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in the Recitals.
(vii) “Conversion Amount” shall mean the Conversion Amount as defined in the Debentures, provided, however that for purposes of the foregoing calculation, the full indebtedness under the Debentures shall be deemed immediately convertible, notwithstanding the 4.99% limitation on ownership set forth in the Debentures.
(viii) “Conversion Price” means the Conversion Price as defined in the Debentures.
(ix) “Conversion Shares” means the shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the Debentures.
(x) “DWAC Operational” means that the Common Stock is eligible for clearing through the Depository Trust Company (“DTC”) via the DTC’s Deposit Withdrawal Agent Commission or “DWAC” system and active and in good standing for DWAC issuance by the Transfer Agent (as defined herein).
(xii) “Exchange Act” means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.
(xiii) “Investments” means Peak One Investments, LLC, the general partner of the Buyer.
(xiv) “Irrevocable Resolutions” has the meaning set forth in Section 8(i).
(i) “Market Price of the Common Stock” means (x) the closing bid price of the Common Stock for the period indicated in the relevant provision hereof (unless a different relevant period is specified in the relevant provision), as reported by Bloomberg, LP or, if not so reported, as reported on the OTCQB, OTCQX or OTC Pink or (y) if the Common Stock is listed on a stock exchange, the closing price on such exchange, as reported by Bloomberg LP.
(ii) “Material Adverse Effect” means a material adverse effect on the business, operations or condition (financial or otherwise)  or results of operation of the Company and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole, in the reasonable commercial discretion of the Buyer, irrespective of any finding of fault, magnitude of liability (or lack of financial liability).
Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the occurrence of any of the following, in the reasonable commercial discretion of the Buyer, shall be considered a Material Adverse Effect:  (i) any final money, judgment, writ or warrant of attachment, or similar process (including an arbitral determination) in excess of Fifty Thousand Dollars ($50,000) shall be entered or filed against the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (including, in any event, products liability claims against the Company or its Subsidiaries), (ii) the suspension or withdrawal of any governmental authority or permit
(iii) “Person” means any living person or any entity, such as, but not necessarily limited to, a corporation, partnership or trust.
(v) “Registrable Securities” shall mean the Conversion Shares, and, to the extent applicable, and any other shares of capital stock or other securities of the Company or any successor to the Company that are issued upon exchange of Conversion Shares.
(vi) “Registration Statement” shall mean a registration statement on Form S-1 (or any successor thereto) filed or contemplated to be filed by the Company with the SEC under the Securities Act.
(vii) “Restricted Stock” shall mean shares of Common Stock which are not freely trading shares when issued.
(viii) “Securities” means the Debentures and the Shares.
(ix)  “Shares” means the Conversion Shares.
(xvi) “Subsidiary” shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3(b).
(xxi) “Transfer Agent” shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4(a).
BUYER’S REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES, ETC.
The Buyer represents and warrants to, and covenants and agrees with, the Company as follows:
Investment Purpose.
Accredited Investor Status.
Buyer is (i) an “accredited investor” as that term is defined in Rule 501 of the General Rules and Regulations under the 1933 Act by reason of Rule 501(a)(3), (ii) experienced in making investments of the kind described in this Agreement and the related documents, (iii) able, by reason of the business and financial experience of its officers (if an entity) and professional advisors (who are not affiliated with or compensated in any way by the Company or any of its affiliates or selling agents), to protect its own interests in connection with the transactions described in this Agreement, and the related documents, and (iv) able to afford the entire loss of its investment in the Securities.
All subsequent offers and sales of the Securities by the Buyer shall be made pursuant to registration of the Shares under the 1933 Act or pursuant to an exemption from registration and compliance with applicable states’ securities laws.
d. Reliance on Exemptions.
Buyer understands that the Securities are being offered and sold to it in reliance on specific exemptions from the registration requirements of United States federal and state securities laws and that the Company is relying upon the truth and accuracy of, and the Buyer’s compliance with, the representations, warranties, agreements, acknowledgments and understandings of the Buyer set forth herein in order to determine the availability of such exemptions and the eligibility of the Buyer to acquire the Securities.
Buyer and its advisors have been furnished with all materials relating to the business, finances and operations of the Company and materials relating to the offer and sale of the Securities which have been requested by the Buyer.
Buyer and its advisors have been afforded the opportunity to ask questions of the Company and have received complete and satisfactory answers to any such inquiries.
Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Buyer
Buyer understands that its investment in the securities constitutes high risk investment, its investment in the Securities involves a high degree of risk, including the risk of loss of the Buyer’s entire investment.
Buyer understands that no United States federal or state agency or any other government or governmental agency has passed on or made any recommendation or endorsement of the Securities.
Buyer is duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its organization.
This Agreement and the other Transaction Documents have been duly and validly authorized, executed and delivered on behalf of the Buyer and create a valid and binding agreement of the Buyer enforceable in accordance with its terms, subject as to enforceability to general principles of equity and to bankruptcy, insolvency, moratorium and other similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors’ rights generally.
The state in which any offer to sell Securities hereunder was made to or accepted by the Buyer is the state shown as the Buyer’s address contained herein, and Buyer is a resident of such state only.
COMPANY REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES, ETC.
The Company represents and warrants to the Buyer that:
Concerning the Debentures and the Shares.
There are no preemptive rights of any stockholder of the Company to acquire the Debentures or the Shares.
Organization; Subsidiaries; Reporting Company Status.
The Company and each Subsidiary is a corporation or other form of businesses entity duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws its respective jurisdiction of organization, and each of them has the requisite corporate or other power to own its properties and to carry on its business as now being conducted.
The Company and each Subsidiary is duly qualified as a foreign corporation or other entity to do business and is in good standing in each jurisdiction where the nature of the business conducted or property owned by it makes such qualification necessary, other than those jurisdictions in which the failure to so qualify would not have a Material Adverse Effect.
The Common Stock is listed and traded on the OTCQB (as defined herein) (trading symbol: ACCA).
The Company has received no notice, either oral or written, from FINRA, the SEC, or any other organization, with respect to the continued eligibility of the Common Stock for such listing, and the Company has maintained all requirements for the continuation of such listing.
The Company is an operating company in that, among other things (A) it primarily engages, wholly or substantially, directly or indirectly through a majority owned Subsidiary or Subsidiaries, in the production or sale, or the research or development, of a product or service other than the investment of capital, (B) it is not an individual or sole proprietorship, (C) it is not an entity with no specific business plan or purpose and its business plan is not to engage in a merger or acquisition with an unidentified company or companies or other entity or person, and (D) it intends to use the proceeds from the sale of the Debentures solely for the operation of the Company’s business and uses other than personal, family, or household purposes.
Schedule 3(c) sets forth all capital stock and derivative securities of the Company that are authorized for issuance and that are issued and outstanding.
All issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock have been duly authorized and validly issued and are fully paid and nonassessable.
The Company has sufficient authorized and unissued shares of Common Stock as may be necessary to effect the issuance of the Shares, assuming the prior issuance and exercise, exchange or conversion, as the case may be, of all derivative securities authorized, as indicated in Schedule 3(c).
The Shares have been duly authorized and, when issued upon conversion of, or as interest on, the Debentures, the Shares will be duly and validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable and will not subject the holder thereof to personal liability by reason of being such holder.
At all times, the Company shall keep available and reserved for issuance to the holders of the Debentures shares of Common Stock duly authorized for issuance against the Debentures.
This Agreement, the issuance of the Debentures (including without limitation the incurrence of indebtedness thereunder), the issuance of the Conversion Shares under the Debentures, and the other transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents, have been duly, validly and irrevocably authorized by the Company, and this Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by the Company.
The Company’s board of directors, in the exercise of its fiduciary duties, has irrevocably approved the entry into and performance of the Transaction Documents, including, without limitation the sale of the Debentures and the issuance of Conversion Shares, based upon a reasonable inquiry concerning the Company’s financing objectives and financial situation.
Each of the Transaction Documents, when executed and delivered by the Company, are and will be, valid, legal and binding agreements of the Company, enforceable in accordance with their respective terms, subject as to enforceability to general principles of equity and to bankruptcy, insolvency, moratorium, and other similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors’ rights generally.
The execution and delivery of the Transaction Documents, the issuance of the Securities and the consummation by the Company of the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the Debentures (including without limitation the incurrence of indebtedness thereunder) do not and will not conflict with or result in a breach by the Company of any of the terms or provisions of, or constitute a default under (i) the articles of incorporation or by-laws of the Company, each as currently in effect, (ii) any indenture, mortgage,
No authorization, approval or consent of any court, governmental body, regulatory agency, self-regulatory organization, or stock exchange or market or the stockholders of the Company is required to be obtained by the Company for the entering into and performing this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents (including without limitation the issuance and sale of the Securities to the Buyer as contemplated by this Agreement) except such authorizations, approvals and consents that have been obtained, or such authorizations, approvals and consents, the failure of which to obtain would not have a Material Adverse Effect.
None of the SEC Documents contained, at the time they were filed, any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements made therein in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.
The Company timely filed all requisite forms, reports and exhibits thereto with the SEC as required.
The Company is not aware of any event occurring on or prior to the execution and delivery of this Agreement that would require the filing of, or with respect to which the Company intends to file, a Form 8-K after such time.
The Company satisfies the requirements of Rule 144(i)(2), and the Company shall continue to satisfy all applicable requirements of Rule 144 (or any successor thereto) for so long as any Securities are outstanding and not registered pursuant to an effective registration statement filed with the SEC.
Since September 30, 2016, when viewed from the perspective of the Company and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole, there has been no material adverse change and no material adverse development in the business, properties, operations, condition (financial or otherwise), or results of operations of the Company and its Subsidiaries (including, without limitation, a change or development which constitutes, or with the passage of time is reasonably likely to become, a Material Adverse Effect), except as disclosed in the SEC Documents.
Since September 30, 2016, except as provided in the SEC Documents, the Company has not (i) incurred or become subject to any material liabilities (absolute or contingent) except liabilities incurred in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practices; (ii) discharged or satisfied any material lien or encumbrance or paid any material obligation or liability (absolute or contingent), other than current liabilities paid in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practices; (iii) declared or made any payment or distribution of cash or other property to stockholders with respect to its capital stock, or purchased or redeemed, or made any agreements to purchase or redeem, any shares of its capital stock; (iv) sold, assigned or transferred any other tangible assets, or canceled any debts or claims, except in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practices; (v) suffered any substantial losses or waived any rights of material
value, whether or not in the ordinary course of business, or suffered the loss of any material amount of existing business; (vi) made any changes in employee compensation, except in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practices; or (vii) experienced any material problems with labor or management in connection with the terms and conditions of their employment.
Full Disclosure.
There is no fact known to the Company (other than general economic conditions known to the public generally or as disclosed in the SEC Documents) that has not been disclosed in writing to the Buyer that (i) would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, (ii) would reasonably be expected to materially and adversely affect the ability of the Company to perform its obligations pursuant to the Transaction Documents, or (iii) would reasonably be expected to materially and adversely affect the value of the rights granted to the Buyer in the Transaction Documents.
Absence of Litigation.
Except as described in the SEC Documents, there is no action, suit, proceeding, inquiry or investigation before or by any court, public board or body pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened against or affecting the Company, wherein an unfavorable decision, ruling or finding would have a Material Adverse Effect or which would adversely affect the validity or enforceability of, or the authority or ability of the Company to perform its obligations under, any of the Transaction Documents.
The Company is not a party to or subject to the provisions of, any order, writ, injunction, judgment or decree of any court or government agency or instrumentality which could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.
The Company’s assets are not encumbered by any liens or mortgages except as described in the SEC Documents.
No event of default (or its equivalent term), as defined in the respective agreement, indenture, mortgage, deed of trust or other instrument, to which the Company is a party, and no event which, with the giving of notice or the passage of time or both, would become an event of default (or its equivalent term) (as so defined in such document), has occurred and is continuing, which would have a Material Adverse Effect.
m. No Undisclosed Liabilities or Events.
The Company has no liabilities or obligations other than those disclosed in the SEC Documents or those incurred in the ordinary course of the Company’s business since September 30, 2016, and which individually or in the aggregate, do not or would not have a Material Adverse Effect.
No event or circumstances has occurred or exists with respect to the Company or its properties, business, condition (financial or otherwise), or results of operations, which, under applicable law, rule or regulation, requires public disclosure or announcement prior to the date hereof by the Company but which has not been so publicly announced or disclosed.
There are no proposals currently under consideration or currently anticipated to be under consideration by the Board of Directors or the executive officers of the Company which proposal would (x) change the articles of incorporation, by-laws or any other charter document of the Company, each as currently in effect, with or without shareholder approval, which change would reduce or otherwise adversely affect the rights and powers of the shareholders of the Common Stock or (y) materially or substantially change the business, assets or capital of the Company.
[Intentionally Omitted].
The number of Shares issuable upon conversion of the Debentures may increase substantially in certain circumstances, including, but not necessarily limited to, the circumstance wherein the Market Price of the Common Stock declines prior to the conversion of the Debentures.
The Company’s executive officers and directors have studied and fully understand the nature of the securities being sold hereby and recognize that they have a potential dilutive effect and further that the conversion of the Debentures and/or sale of the Conversion Shares may have an adverse effect on the Market Price of the Common Stock.
The Board of Directors of the Company has concluded, in its good faith business judgment that such issuance is in the best interests of the Company.
The Company specifically acknowledges that its obligation to issue the Conversion Shares upon conversion of the Debentures is binding upon the Company and enforceable regardless of the dilution such issuance may have on the ownership %s of other shareholders of the Company.
p. Regulatory Permits.
The Company has all such permits, easements, consents, licenses, franchises and other governmental and regulatory authorizations from all appropriate federal, state, local or other public authorities (“Permits”) as are necessary to own and lease its properties and conduct its businesses in all material respects in the manner described in the SEC Documents and as currently being conducted.
All such Permits are in full force and effect and the Company has fulfilled and performed all of its material obligations with respect to such Permits, and no event has occurred that allows, or after notice or lapse of time would allow, revocation or termination thereof or will result in any other material impairment of the rights of the holder of any such Permit, subject in each case to such qualification as may be disclosed in the SEC Documents.
Such Permits contain no restrictions that would materially impair the ability of the Company to conduct businesses in the manner consistent with its past practices.
The Company has not received notice or otherwise has knowledge of any proceeding or action relating to the revocation or modification of any such Permit.
The state in which any offer to sell Securities  hereunder was made or accepted by the Seller is the state shown as the Seller’s address contained herein, and Seller is a resident of such state only.
The Company is in compliance with all applicable Environmental Laws in all respects except where the failure to comply does not have and could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.
For purposes of the foregoing:
“Environmental Laws” means, collectively, the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act of 1980, as amended, the Superfund Amendments and Reauthorization Act of 1986, the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act, the Toxic Substances Control Act, as amended, the Clean Air Act, as amended, the Clean Water Act, as amended, any other “Superfund” or “Superlien” law or any other applicable federal, state or local statute, law, ordinance, code, rule, regulation, order or decree regulating, relating to, or imposing liability or standards of conduct concerning, the environment or any Hazardous Material.
“Hazardous Material” means and includes any hazardous, toxic or dangerous waste, substance or material, the generation, handling, storage, disposal, treatment or emission of which is subject to any Environmental Law.
The Company’s auditor, KWCO, P.C, is an independent registered public accounting firm with respect to the Company, as required by the 1933 Act, the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.
The Company maintains a system of internal accounting controls sufficient to provide reasonable assurances that (1) transactions are executed in accordance with management’s general or specific authorization; (2) transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles and to maintain accountability for assets; (3) access to assets is permitted only in accordance with management’s general or specific authorization; and (4) the recorded accountability for assets is compared with existing assets at reasonable intervals and appropriate action is taken with respect to any differences.
No Person (other than the Buyer and its principals, employees and agents) is entitled to receive any consideration from the Company or the Buyer arising from any finder’s agreement, brokerage agreement or other agreement to which the Company is a party.
The Company is currently and shall remain DWAC Operational and eligible for DRS
CERTAIN COVENANTS AND ACKNOWLEDGMENTS.
The parties acknowledge and agree that (1) the Debentures have not been registered under the provisions of the 1933 Act and the Shares have not been registered under the 1933 Act, and may not be transferred unless (A) subsequently registered thereunder or (B) the Securities to be sold or transferred may be sold or transferred pursuant to an exemption from such registration; (2) any sale of the Securities made in reliance on Rule 144 promulgated under the 1933 Act (“Rule 144”) may be made only in accordance with the terms of Rule 144 and further, if Rule 144 is not applicable, any resale of such Securities under circumstances in which the seller, or the Person through whom the sale is made, may be deemed to be an underwriter, as that term is used in the 1933 Act, may require compliance with some other exemption under the 1933 Act or the rules and regulations of the SEC thereunder, (3) at the request of the Buyer, the Company shall, from time to time, within two (2) business days of such request, at the sole cost and expense of the Company, either (i) deliver to its transfer agent and registrar for the Common Stock (the “Transfer Agent”) a written letter instructing and authorizing the Transfer Agent to process transfers of the Shares at such time as the Buyer has held the Securities for the minimum holding period permitted under Rule 144, subject to the Buyer’s providing to the Transfer Agent certain customary representations contemporaneously with any requested transfer, or (ii) at the Buyer’s option or if the Transfer Agent requires further confirmation of the availability of an exemption from registration, furnish to the Buyer an opinion of the Company’s counsel in favor of the Buyer (and, at the request of the Buyer, any agent of the Buyer, including but not limited to the Buyer’s broker or clearing firm) and the Transfer Agent, reasonably satisfactory in
form, scope and substance to the Buyer and the Transfer Agent, to the effect that a contemporaneously requested transfer of shares does not require registration under the 1933 Act, pursuant to the 1933 Act, Rule 144 or other regulations promulgated under the 1933 Act and (4) neither the Company nor any other Person is under any obligation to register the Securities (other than pursuant to this Agreement) under the 1933 Act or to comply with the terms and conditions of any exemption thereunder.
Restrictive Legend.
THIS SECURITY HAS NOT BEEN REGISTERED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION OR THE SECURITIES COMMISSION OF ANY STATE IN RELIANCE UPON AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE “SECURITIES ACT”), AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR PURSUANT TO AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND IN ACCORDANCE WITH APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS AS EVIDENCED BY A LEGAL OPINION OF COUNSEL TO THE TRANSFEROR TO SUCH EFFECT, THE SUBSTANCE OF WHICH SHALL BE REASONABLY ACCEPTABLE TO THE COMPANY.
Upon the written request of Buyer made within thirty (30) days after the receipt of any such notice (which request shall specify the Registrable Securities intended to be disposed of by Buyer and the intended method of disposition thereof), the Company shall, at its sole cost and expense, use its best efforts to effect the registration of all Registrable Securities which the Company has been so requested to register by Buyer, to the extent requisite to permit the disposition (in accordance with the intended methods of disposition) of the Registrable Securities by Buyer, by inclusion of such Registrable Securities in the Registration Statement which covers the securities which the Company proposes to register; provided, that if the Company is unable to register the full amount of Registrable Securities in an “at the market offering” under SEC rules and regulations due to the high percentage of the Company’s Common Stock the Registrable
Securities represents (giving effect to all other securities being registered in the Registration Statement), then the Company may reduce, on a pro rata basis, the amount of Registrable Securities subject to the Registration Statement to a lesser amount which equals the maximum number of Registrable Securities that the Company is permitted to register in an “at the market offering”; and provided, further, that if, at any time after giving written notice of its intention to register any Registrable Securities and prior to the effective date of the Registration Statement filed in connection with such registration, the Company shall determine for any reason either not to register or to delay registration of such Registrable Securities, the Company may, at its election, give written notice of such determination to the Buyer and, thereupon, (i) in the case of a determination not to register, the Company shall be relieved of its obligation to register any Registrable Securities in connection with such registration (but not from its obligation to pay the expenses of registration in connection therewith), and (ii) in the case of a determination to delay registering such Registrable Securities, shall be permitted to delay registering any Registrable Securities, for the same period as the delay in registering such other securities.
If Buyer shall have transferred all or part of its Registrable Securities, then for purposes of this Section, the term “Buyer” shall reference Buyer and/or such transferee(s).
The Company undertakes and agrees to make all necessary filings (including, without limitation, a Form D) in connection with the sale of the Securities to the Buyer required under any United States laws and regulations applicable to the Company (including without limitation state “blue sky” laws), or by any domestic securities exchange or trading market, and to provide a copy thereof to the Buyer promptly after such filing.
So long as the Buyer beneficially own any Securities, (i) the Company shall timely file, prior to or on the date when due, all reports that would be required to be filed with the SEC pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act if the Company had securities registered under Section 12(b) or 12(g) of the Exchange Act; (ii) the Company shall not be operated as, or report, to the SEC or any other Person, that the Company is a “shell company” or indicate to the contrary to the SEC or any other Person; (iii) the Company shall take all other action under its control necessary to ensure the availability of Rule 144 under the 1933 Act for the sale of Shares by the Buyer at the earliest possible date; and (iv) the Company shall at all times while any Securities are outstanding maintain its engagement of an independent registered public accounting firm.
Except as otherwise set forth in Transaction Documents, the Company shall take all action under its control necessary to obtain and to continue the listing and trading of its Common Stock (including, without limitation, all Registrable Securities) on the OTC Markets, Inc. (“OTCM”) on the OTC Pink (“OTCP”), OTCQB (“OTCQB”), or OTCQX (“OTCQX”), and will comply in all material respects with the Company’s reporting, filing and other obligations under the by-laws or rules of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (“FINRA”).
Further, at all times while any Securities are outstanding, the Common Stock shall be DWAC Operational, and the Common Stock shall not be subject to any DTC “chill” designation or similar restriction on the clearing of the Common Stock through DTC.
The Company shall use the proceeds from the sale of the Debentures for working capital purposes, provided, however, that the Company shall not use more than 20% of the proceeds of the sale of the Debentures to repay any indebtedness owed to any of the Company’s affiliates or related parties.
Commencing on the date of execution and delivery of this Agreement, the Company shall have and maintain authorized and reserved for issuance, free from preemptive rights, that number of shares equal to Five Hundred percent (500%) of the number of shares of Common Stock (1) issuable based upon the conversion of the then-outstanding Debentures (including accrued interest thereon) as may be required to satisfy the conversion rights of the Buyer pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Debenture (without giving effect to the 4.99% limitation on ownership as set forth in the Debentures), provided, however that for purposes of the foregoing calculation, the full indebtedness under the Debentures shall be deemed immediately convertible and (2) issuable to the Buyer on future Closing Dates, based upon the lowest closing bid price per share of the Common Stock on the date before the most recent Closing Date (as reported by Bloomberg LP).
The Company shall monitor its compliance with the foregoing requirements on an ongoing basis.
If at any time the Company does not have available an amount of authorized and non-issued Shares required to be reserved pursuant to this Section, then the Company shall, without notice or demand by the Buyer, call within thirty (30) days of such occurrence and hold within sixty (60) days of such occurrence a special meeting of shareholders, for the sole purpose of increasing the number of shares authorized.
Management of the Company shall recommend to shareholders to vote in favor of increasing the number of Common Stock authorized at the meeting.
Members of the Company’s management shall also vote all of their own shares in favor of increasing the number of Common Stock authorized at the meeting.
If the increase in authorized shares is approved by the stockholders at the meeting, the Company shall implement the increase in authorized shares within one (1) business day following approval at such meeting.
Alternatively, to the extent permitted by applicable law, in lieu of calling and holding a meeting as described above, the Company may, within thirty (30) days of the date when the Company does not have available an amount of authorized and non-issued Shares required to be reserved as described above, procure the written consent of stockholders to increase the number of shares authorized, and provide the stockholders with notice thereof as may be required under applicable law (including without limitation Section 14(c) of the Exchange Act and Regulation 14C thereunder).
Upon obtaining stockholder approval as aforesaid, the Company shall cause the appropriate increase in its authorized shares of Common Stock within one (1)
business day (or as soon thereafter as permitted by applicable law).
Company’s failure to comply with these provisions will be an Event of Default (as defined in the Debentures).
If (i) Buyer and/or Investments becomes a party defendant in any capacity in any action or proceeding brought by any stockholder of the Company, in connection with or as a result of the consummation of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents, or if the Buyer and/or Investments is impleaded in any such action, proceeding or investigation by any Person, or (ii) the Buyer and/or Investments, other than by reason of its own gross negligence, willful misconduct or breach of law (as adjudicated by a court of law having proper jurisdiction and such adjudication is not subject to appeal), becomes a party defendant in any capacity in any action or proceeding brought by the SEC against or involving the Company or in connection with or as a result of the consummation of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents, or if the Buyer or Investments is impleaded in any such action, proceeding or investigation by any Person, then in any such case, the Company shall promptly reimburse the Buyer and/or Investments for its or their reasonable legal and other expenses (including the cost of any investigation and preparation) incurred in connection therewith.
The reimbursement obligations of the Company under this paragraph shall be in addition to any liability which the Company may otherwise have, shall extend upon the same terms and conditions to any affiliates of the Buyer and/or Investments who are actually named in such action, proceeding or investigation, and partners, directors, agents, employees and controlling Persons (if any), as the case may be, of the Buyer, Investments and any such Affiliate, and shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of any successors, assigns, heirs and personal representatives of the Company, the Buyer, Investments and any such Affiliate and any such Person.
Except as otherwise set forth in the Transaction Documents, the Company also agrees that neither any Buyer, Investments nor any such Affiliate, partners, directors, agents, employees or controlling Persons shall have any liability to the Company or any Person asserting claims on behalf of or in right of the Company in connection with or as a result of the consummation of the Transaction Documents.
So long as any of the Debentures remain outstanding, if the Debentures are in default, the Company shall not, absent the prior written consent of the holders of all Debentures then outstanding, make any payments to any of the Company’s or the Subsidiaries’ respective affiliates or related parties, including without limitation payments or prepayments of principal or interest accrued on any indebtedness or obligation in favor of affiliates or related parties.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the provisions of this Section 4(j) shall not apply to payments to the Subsidiaries, or other businesses in which affiliates have an interest, made in the ordinary course of business and consistent with past practice as disclosed in the SEC Documents.
For purposes of the foregoing, “knowledge” means the earlier of the Company’s actual knowledge or the Company’s constructive knowledge upon due inquiry.
l. Public Disclosure.
Except to the extent required by applicable law, absent the Buyer’s prior written consent, the Company shall not reference the name of the Buyer in any press release, securities disclosure, business plan, marketing or funding proposal.
It is the parties’ express understanding and agreement that the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents constitute an investment and not a loan.
If nonetheless such transactions are deemed to be a loan (as adjudicated by a court of law having proper jurisdiction and such adjudication is not subject to appeal), the Company shall not be obligated or required to pay interest at a rate that could subject Buyer to either civil or criminal liability as a result of such rate exceeding the maximum rate that the Buyer is permitted to charge under applicable law, and the Company’s obligations under the Transaction Documents shall not be void or voidable on the basis of the Buyer’s lack of any license or registration as a lender with any governmental authority.
It is expressly understood and agreed by the parties that neither the amounts payable pursuant to Section 12, any redemption premium, remedy upon an Event of Default (as defined in the Debentures) or any Acceleration Amount (as defined in the Debentures), original issue discount nor any investment returns of the Buyer on the sale of the Debentures or the sale of any Conversion Shares (whether unrealized or realized) shall be construed as interest.
On or before the Signing Closing Date, the Company shall irrevocably instruct its Transfer Agent in writing using the letter substantially in the form of Exhibit B annexed hereto, with only such modifications as the Buyer agrees to, executed by the Company, the Buyer and the Transfer Agent (the “Transfer Agent Instruction Letter”), to (i) reserve that number of shares of Common Stock as is required under Section 4(g) hereof, and (ii) issue Common Stock from time to time upon conversion of the Debentures in such amounts as specified from time to time by the Buyer to the Transfer Agent in a Notice of Conversion, in such denominations to be specified by the Buyer in connection with each conversion of the Debentures.
The Transfer Agent shall not be restricted from issuing shares from only the allotment reserved hereunder for the Conversion Amount (as defined in the Debentures), but instead may, to the extent necessary to satisfy the amount of shares issuable upon conversion, issue shares above and beyond the amount reserved on account of the Conversion Amount, without any additional instructions or authorization from the Company, and the Company shall not provide the Transfer Agent with any instructions or documentation contrary to the foregoing.
As of the date of this Agreement, the Transfer Agent is Pacific Stock Transfer Co..
The Company shall at all times while any Debentures are outstanding engage a Transfer Agent which is a party to the Transfer Agent Instruction Letter.
If for any reason the Company’s Transfer Agent is not a
signatory of the Transfer Agent Instruction Letter while any Debentures or Restricted Stock are outstanding and held by the Buyer, then such Transfer Agent shall nonetheless be deemed bound by the Transfer Agent Instruction Letter, and the Company shall neither (i) permit the Transfer Agent to disclaim, disregard or refuse to abide by the Transfer Agent’s obligations, terms and agreements set forth in the Transfer Agent Instruction Letter, nor (ii) issue any instructions to the Transfer Agent contrary to the obligations, terms and agreements set forth in the Transfer Agent Instruction Letter .
The Company covenants that no instruction other than such instructions referred to in this Section 5 and stop transfer instructions to give effect to Section 4(a) hereof prior to registration and sale of the Conversion Shares under the 1933 Act will be given by the Company to the Transfer Agent and that the Conversion Shares shall otherwise be freely transferable on the books and records of the Company as and to the extent provided in this Agreement and applicable law.
If the Buyer provides the Company and/or the Transfer Agent with an opinion of counsel reasonably satisfactory to the Company that registration of a resale by the Buyer of any of the Securities in accordance with clause (1)(B) of Section 4(a) of this Agreement is not required under the 1933 Act, the Company shall (except as provided in clause (2) of Section 4(a) of this Agreement) permit the de-legending or transfer of the Securities and, in the case of the Conversion Shares, instruct the Company’s Transfer Agent to issue one or more certificates for Common Stock without legend in such name and in such denominations as specified by the Buyer.
If so requested by the Buyer or the Transfer Agent, the Company shall within one (1) business day respond with its endorsement so as to confirm the outstanding principal amount of any Debenture submitted for conversion or shall reconcile any difference with the Buyer promptly after receiving such Notice of Conversion.
Failure to Timely Issue Conversion Shares or De-Legended Shares.
The Company acknowledges that its failure to timely honor a Notice of Conversion (or the occurrence of any other Event of Default) shall cause definable financial hardship on the Buyer(s) and that the remedies set forth herein and in the Debentures are reasonable and appropriate.
Duties of Company; Authorization.
The Company hereby authorizes and agrees to authorize the Transfer Agent to correspond and otherwise communicate with the Buyer or their representatives in connection with the foregoing and other matters related to the Common Stock.
Further, the Company hereby authorizes the Buyer or its representative to provide instructions to the Transfer Agent that are consistent with the foregoing and instructs the Transfer Agent to honor any such instructions.
Effect of Bankruptcy.
The Buyer shall be entitled to exercise its conversion privilege with respect to the Debentures notwithstanding the commencement of any case under 11 U.S.C.
In the event the Company is a debtor under the Bankruptcy Code, the Company hereby waives, to the fullest extent permitted, any rights to relief it may have under 11 U.S.C.
§362 in respect of the Buyer’s conversion privilege.
The Company hereby waives, to the fullest extent permitted, any rights to relief it may have under 11 U.S.C.
§362 in respect of the conversion of the Debentures.
The Company agrees, without cost or expense to the Buyer, to take or to consent to any and all action necessary to effectuate relief under 11 U.S.C.
Location and Time of Closings.
CONDITIONS TO THE COMPANY’S OBLIGATION TO SELL.
The Company’s obligation to sell the Debentures to the Buyer pursuant to this Agreement on each Closing Date is conditioned upon:
Representations and Warranties; Covenants.
The accuracy on the Closing Date of the representations and warranties of the Buyer contained in this Agreement, each as if made on such date, and the performance by the Buyer on or before such date of all covenants and agreements of the Buyer required to be performed on or before such date; and
There shall not be in effect any law, rule or regulation prohibiting or restricting the transactions contemplated hereby, or requiring any consent or approval which shall not have been obtained.
CONDITIONS TO THE BUYER’S OBLIGATION TO PURCHASE.
The Debentures and the Conversion Shares shall be exempt from registration under the Securities Act of 1933 (as amended), pursuant to Section 4(2) thereof;
The Common Stock shall be DWAC Operational;e. Representations and Warranties; Covenants.
The accuracy in all material respects on the Closing Date of the representations and warranties of the Company contained in this Agreement, each as if made on such date, and the performance by the Company on or before such date of all covenants and agreements of the Company required to be performed on or before such date;
f. Good-faith Opinion.
It should be Buyer’s reasonable belief that (i) no Event of Default under the terms of any outstanding indebtedness of the Company shall have occurred
There shall be no litigation, criminal or civil, regulatory impairment or other legal and/or administrative proceedings challenging or seeking to limit the Company’s ability to issue the Securities or the Common Stock;
Corporate Resolutions.
m. Laws and Regulations; Consents and Approvals.
There shall not be in effect any law, rule or regulation prohibiting or restricting the transactions contemplated hereby, or requiring any consent or approval which shall not have been obtained; and
From and after the date hereof to and including each Closing Date, (i) the trading of the Common Stock shall not have been suspended by the SEC, FINRA, or any other governmental or self-regulatory organization, and trading in securities generally on OTCM shall not have been suspended or limited, nor shall minimum prices been established for securities traded on the OTCM; (ii) there shall not have occurred any outbreak or escalation of hostilities involving the United States or any material adverse change in any financial market that in either case in the reasonable judgment of the Buyer makes it impracticable or inadvisable to purchase the Debentures.
GOVERNING LAW; MISCELLANEOUS.
MANDATORY FORUM SELECTION.
ANY DISPUTE ARISING UNDER, RELATING TO, OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE AGREEMENT OR RELATED TO ANY MATTER WHICH IS THE SUBJECT OF OR INCIDENTAL TO THE AGREEMENT (WHETHER OR NOT SUCH CLAIM IS BASED UPON BREACH OF CONTRACT OR TORT)
SHALL BE SUBJECT TO THE EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION AND VENUE OF THE STATE AND/OR FEDERAL COURTS LOCATED IN MIAMI-DADE COUNTY, FLORIDA.
THIS PROVISION IS INTENDED TO BE A “MANDATORY” FORUM SELECTION CLAUSE AND GOVERNED BY AND INTERPRETED CONSISTENTLY WITH FLORIDA LAW.
Governing Law.
Except in the case of the Mandatory Forum Selection clause above, this Agreement shall be delivered and accepted in and shall be deemed to be contracts made under and governed by the internal laws of the State of Nevada, and for all purposes shall be construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Nevada, without giving effect to the choice of law provisions.
Failure of any party to exercise any right or remedy under this Agreement or otherwise, or delay by a party in exercising such right or remedy, shall not operate as a waiver thereof.
d. Successors and Assigns.
This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the successors and assigns of each of the parties hereto.
All pronouns and any variations thereof refer to the masculine, feminine or neuter, singular or plural, as the context may require.
A facsimile or email transmission of this signed Agreement or a Notice of Conversion under the Debentures shall be legal and binding on all parties hereto.
Such electronic signatures shall be the equivalent of original signatures.
This Agreement may be signed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original.
The headings of this Agreement are for convenience of reference and shall not form part of, or affect the interpretation of, this Agreement.
If any provision of this Agreement shall be invalid or unenforceable in any jurisdiction, such invalidity or unenforceability shall not affect the validity or enforceability of the remainder of this Agreement or the validity or enforceability of this Agreement in any other jurisdiction.
Amendment.
This Agreement may be amended only by the written consent of a majority in interest of the holders of the Debentures and an instrument in writing signed by the Company.
This Agreement, together with the other Transaction Documents, supersedes all prior agreements and understandings among the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof.
No Strict Construction.
This Agreement shall be construed as if both Parties had equal say in its drafting, and thus shall not be construed against the drafter.
SURVIVAL OF REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES.
The Company’s representations and warranties herein shall survive for so long as any Debentures are outstanding, and shall inure to the benefit of the Buyer, its successors and assigns.
The foregoing legal fees shall be paid on the respective closing dates if Buyer does not withhold such amounts from the respective purchase price pursuant to Section 12(c).
[Signature Page Follows]
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this Agreement has been duly executed by the Buyer and the Company as of the date first set forth above.
[Signature Page to Securities Purchase Agreement]
Subsidiary / AffiliateName and RelationshipJurisdiction of IncorporationPercentage of Ownership
DESCRIPTIONAMOUNTAuthorized Common Stock  Authorized Capital Stock
Authorized Common Stock
Issued Common Stock
Outstanding Common Stock
Authorized, but unissued
Authorized Preferred Stock
Issued Preferred Stock
Reserved for Equity Incentive Plans
Reserved for Convertible Debt
Reserved for Options and Warrants
Reserved for Other Purposes
TOTAL COMMON STOCK AND COMMON STOCK EQUIVALENTS OUTSTANDING
EXHIBITSExhibit AFORM OF DEBENTURE
Exhibit CFORM OF RESOLUTIONS OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS
Exhibit DFORM OF OFFICER’S CERTIFICATE
EXHIBIT A
NEITHER THESE SECURITIES NOR THE SECURITIES ISSUABLE UPON CONVERSION HEREOF HAVE BEEN REGISTERED WITH THE UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION OR THE SECURITIES COMMISSION OF ANY STATE OR UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED.
THE SECURITIES ARE RESTRICTED AND MAY NOT BE OFFERED, RESOLD, PLEDGED OR TRANSFERRED EXCEPT AS PERMITTED UNDER THE ACT PURSUANT TO REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS THEREOF OR EXEMPTION THEREFROM.
The Holder has the option to cause any outstanding principal and accrued interest, if any, on this Debenture to be converted into Common Stock at any time prior to the Redemption Date (as defined below) or the Maturity Date pursuant to Section 2(a).
Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in the Securities Purchase Agreement.
This Debenture is subject to the provisions of the Securities Purchase Agreement and further is subject to the following additional provisions:
This Debenture has been issued subject to investment representations of the original purchaser hereof and may be transferred or exchanged only in compliance with the Securities Act and other applicable state and foreign securities laws.
The Holder may transfer or assign this Debenture (or any part thereof) without the prior consent of the Company, and the Company shall cooperate with any such transfer.
applicable state or foreign securities laws or is exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act.
Prior to due presentment for transfer of this Debenture to which the Company has consented, the Company and any agent of the Company may treat the Person in whose name this Debenture is duly registered on the Company's books and records of outstanding debt securities and obligations (“Debenture Register”) as the owner hereof for the purpose of receiving payment as herein provided and for all other purposes, whether or not this Debenture be overdue, and neither the Company nor any such agent shall be affected by notice to the contrary.
The Company shall issue irrevocable instructions to its Transfer Agent regarding conversions such that the transfer agent shall be authorized and instructed to issue Conversion Shares upon its receipt of a Notice of Conversion without further approval or authorization from the Company.
For purposes of this Debenture, the “Conversion Amount” shall mean the sum of (A) all or any portion of the outstanding Principal Amount of this Debenture, as designated by the Holder upon exercise of its right of conversion plus (B) any interest, pursuant to Section 10 or otherwise, that has accrued on the portion of the Principal Amount that has been designated for payment pursuant to (A).
No fractional shares of Common Stock or scrip representing fractions of shares will be issued on conversion, but the number of shares issuable shall be rounded to the nearest whole share.
For purposes hereof, beneficial ownership shall be determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and Regulation 13D-G under the Exchange Act.
The date upon which the Debentures are redeemed and paid shall be referred to as the “Redemption Date” (and, in the case of multiple redemptions of less than the entire outstanding Principal Amount, each such date shall be a Redemption Date with respect to the corresponding redemption).
In the case of a partial redemption, the Company shall also issue new Debentures to the Holders for the Principal Amount remaining outstanding after the Redemption Date promptly after the Holders’ presentation of the Debentures called for redemption.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event the Company issues a Redemption Notice but fails to fund the redemption on the Redemption Date, then such Redemption Notice shall be null and void, and (i) the Holder(s) shall be entitled to convert the Debentures previously the subject of the Redemption Notice, and (ii) the Company may not redeem such Debentures for at least thirty (30) days following the intended Redemption Date that was voided, and the Company shall be required to pay to the Holder(s) the Redemption Price simultaneously with the issuance of a Redemption Notice in connection with any subsequent redemption pursued by the Company.
No provision of this Debenture shall alter or impair the obligation of the Company, which is absolute and unconditional to convert this Debenture into Common Stock, at the time, place, and rate herein prescribed.
This Debenture is a direct obligation of the Company.
If the Company (a) merges or consolidates with another corporation or business entity and the Company is not the surviving entity or (b) sells or transfers all or substantially all of its assets to another Person and the holders of the Common Stock are entitled to receive stock, securities or property in respect of or in exchange for Common Stock, then as a condition of such merger, consolidation, sale or transfer, the Company and any such successor, purchaser or transferee will agree that this Debenture may thereafter be converted on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth above into the kind and amount of stock, securities or property receivable upon such merger, consolidation, sale or transfer by a holder of the number of shares of Common Stock into which this Debenture might have been converted immediately before such merger, consolidation, sale or transfer, subject to adjustments which shall be as nearly equivalent as may be practicable.
If, at any time while any portion of this Debenture remains outstanding, the Company effectuates a stock split or reverse stock split of its Common Stock or issues a dividend on its Common Stock consisting of shares of Common Stock or otherwise recapitalizes its Common Stock, the Conversion Price shall be equitably adjusted to reflect such action.
By way of illustration, and not in limitation, of the foregoing (i) if the Company effectuates a 2:1 split of its Common Stock, thereafter, with respect to any conversion for which the Company issues the shares after the record date of such split, the Conversion Price shall be deemed to be one-half of what it had been calculated to be immediately prior to such split; (ii) if the Company effectuates a 1:10 reverse split of its Common Stock, thereafter, with respect to any conversion for which the Company issues the shares after the record date of such reverse split, the Conversion Price shall be deemed to be the amount of such Conversion Price calculated immediately prior to the record
The Holder of the Debenture, by acceptance hereof, agrees that this Debenture is being acquired for investment and that such Holder will not offer, sell or otherwise dispose of this Debenture or the Shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion thereof except in compliance with the terms of the Securities Purchase Agreement and under circumstances which will not result in a violation of the Securities Act or any applicable state Blue Sky or foreign laws or similar laws relating to the sale of securities.
This Debenture shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Nevada.
Each of the parties consents to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of the state and/or federal courts located in Miami-Dade County, Florida in connection with any dispute arising under this Agreement.
This provision is intended to be a “mandatory” forum selection clause and governed by and interpreted consistent with Florida law (Nevada law governing all other, substantive matters).
Each of the parties hereby consents to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of any state or federal court having its situs in said county, and each waives any objection based on forum non conveniens.
To the extent determined by such court, the Company shall reimburse the Holder for any reasonable legal fees and disbursements incurred by the Holder in enforcement of or protection of any of its rights under this Debenture or the Securities Purchase Agreement.
The following shall constitute an “Event of Default”:
Any of the representations or warranties made by the Company herein, in the Securities Purchase Agreement or in any certificate or financial or other written statements heretofore or hereafter furnished by the Company to the Holder in connection with the issuance of this Debenture, shall be false or misleading (including without limitation by way of the
The Company fails to remain listed on OTCP, OTCQB, or OTCQX, or a more senior stock exchange any time from the date hereof to the Maturity Date for a period in excess of five (5) Trading Days (as to which no further cure period shall apply); or
c. The Company (i) fails to timely file required SEC reports when due (including extensions), becomes, is deemed to be or asserts that it is a “shell company” at any time for purposes of the 1933 Act, and Rule 144 promulgated thereunder or otherwise takes any action, or refrains from taking any action, the result of which makes Rule 144 under the 1933 unavailable to the Holder for the sale of their Securities, (ii) fails to issue shares of Common Stock to the Holder or to cause its Transfer Agent to issue shares of Common Stock upon exercise by the Holder of the conversion rights of the Holder in accordance with the terms of this Debenture, (iii) fails to transfer or to cause its Transfer Agent to transfer any certificate for shares of Common Stock issued to the Holder upon conversion of this Debenture as and when required by this Debenture and such transfer is otherwise lawful, (iv) fails to remove any restrictive legend or to cause its Transfer Agent to transfer any certificate or any shares of Common Stock issued to the Holder upon conversion of this Debenture as and when required by the relevant Transaction Document(s) and such legend removal is otherwise lawful, or (v) the Company fails to perform or observe any of its obligations under the Section 5 of the Agreement or under the Transfer Agent Instruction Letter (no cure period shall apply in the case of clauses (i) through (v) above, inclusive); or
d. The Company fails to perform or observe, in any material respect (i) any other covenant, term, provision, condition, agreement or obligation set forth in the Debenture, (subject to a cure period of three (3) days other than in the case of a failure under Section 5 hereof, as to which no cure period shall apply), or (ii) any other covenant, term, provision, condition, agreement or obligation of the Company set forth in the Securities Purchase Agreement and such failure shall continue uncured for a period of either (1) three (3) days after the occurrence of the Company’s failure under Section 4(d), (e) (except as described in Section 10(c) hereof, as to which Section 10(c) hereof shall control), (f), (g) or (h) of the Securities Purchase Agreement, or (2) ten (10) days after the occurrence of the Company’s failure under any other provision of the Securities Purchase Agreement not otherwise specifically addressed in the Events of Default set forth in this Section 10; or
f. A trustee, liquidator or receiver shall be appointed for the Company or for a substantial part of its property or business without its consent and shall not be discharged within sixty (60) days after such appointment (as to which no cure period shall apply); or
g. Any governmental agency or any court of competent jurisdiction at the instance of any governmental agency shall assume custody or control of the whole or any
Bankruptcy, reorganization, insolvency or liquidation proceedings or other proceedings for relief under any bankruptcy law or any law for the relief of debtors shall be instituted by or against the Company and, if instituted against the Company, shall not be dismissed within sixty (60) days after such institution or the Company shall by any action or answer approve of, consent to, or acquiesce in any such proceedings or admit the material allegations of, or default in answering a petition filed in any such proceeding (as to which no further cure period shall apply); or
The Company attempts to modify, amend, withdraw, rescind, disavow or repudiate any part of the Irrevocable Instructions (as to which no cure period shall apply).
Any attempt by the Company or its officers, directors, and/or affiliates to transmit, convey, disclose, or any actual transmittal, conveyance, or disclosure by the Company or its officers, directors, and/or affiliates of, material non-public information concerning the Company, to the Holder or its successors and assigns, which is not immediately cured by Company’s filing of a Form 8-K pursuant to Regulation FD on that same date.
In the case of an Event of Default under Section 10(d)(ii), the Holder may either (i) declare the Acceleration Amount to exclude the Conversion Amount that is the subject of the Event of Default, in which case the Acceleration Amount shall be based on the remaining Principal Amount and accrued interest (if any), in which case the Company shall continue to be obligated to issue the Conversion Shares, or (ii) declare the Acceleration Amount to include the Conversion Amount that is the subject of the Event of Default, in which case the Acceleration Amount shall be based on the full Principal Amount, including the Conversion Amount, and accrued interest (if any), whereupon the Notice of Conversion shall be deemed withdrawn.
At its option, the Holder may elect to convert the Debenture pursuant to Section 2 notwithstanding the prior declaration of a
default and acceleration, in the sole discretion of such Holder.
A majority in interest of the Holders may immediately enforce any and all of the Holder's rights and remedies provided herein or any other rights or remedies afforded by applicable law.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the case of a default under Section 10(d)(ii) through (iv), the Holder of the Debenture sought to be converted, transferred or de-legended, as the case may be, acting singly, shall have the sole and absolute discretion to increase the applicable interest rate on the Debentures held by such Holder and/or to accelerate the Debenture(s) held by such Holder.
The Company expressly acknowledges and agrees that the Holder’s exercise of any or all of the remedies provided herein or under applicable law, including without limitation the increase(s) in the Principal Amount and the Acceleration Amount as may be declared in the case of a default, is reasonable and appropriate due to the inability to define the financial hardship that the Company’s default would impose on the Holders.
To the extent that the Holder’s exercise of any of its remedies in the case of an Event of Default shall be construed to exceed the maximum interest rate allowable under applicable law, then such remedies shall be reduced to equal the maximum interest rate allowable under applicable law
Nothing contained in this Debenture shall be construed as conferring upon the Holder the right to vote or to receive dividends or to consent or receive notice as a shareholder in respect of any meeting of shareholders or any rights whatsoever as a shareholder of the Company, unless and to the extent converted in accordance with the terms hereof.
This Debenture may be amended only by the written consent of the parties hereto.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Principal Amount of this Debenture shall automatically be reduced by any and all Conversion Amounts (to the extent that the same relate to principal hereof).
In the event of any inconsistency between the provisions of this Debenture and the provisions of any other Transaction Document, the provisions of this Debenture shall prevail.
The Company specifically acknowledges and agrees that in the event of a breach or threatened breach by the Company of any provision hereof or of any other Transaction Document, the Holder will be irreparably damaged, and that damages at law would be an inadequate remedy if this Debenture or such other Transaction Document were not specifically enforced.
Therefore, in the event of a breach or threatened breach by the Company, the Holder shall be entitled, in addition to all other rights and remedies, to an injunction restraining such breach, without being required to show any actual damage or to post any bond or other security, and/or to a decree for a specific performance of the provisions of this Debenture and the other Transaction Documents.
No waivers or consents in regard to any provision of this Debenture may be given other than by an instrument in writing signed by the Holder.
16.Each time, while this Debenture is outstanding, the Company enters into a Section 3(a)(9) transaction (including but not limited to the issuance of new promissory notes or debentures, or of a replacement promissory note or debenture), or Section 3(a)(10) transaction, in
Each time, while this Debenture is outstanding, the Company enters into a Section 3(a)(9) transaction (including but not limited to the issuance of new promissory notes or debentures, or of a replacement promissory note or debenture), or Section 3(a)(10) transaction, in which any 3rd party has a look back period greater than the look back period in effect under this Debenture at that time (currently a twenty (20) Trading Day look back period as described in this Debenture applies), then the Holder’s look back period shall automatically be adjusted to such greater number of days until this Debenture is no longer outstanding.
[Signature Page Follows]
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Debenture to be duly executed by an officer thereunto duly authorized as of the date of issuance set forth above.
Ladies and Gentlemen:
The shares of Common Stock to be issued upon conversion of the Debentures are to be registered in the name(s) of the registered holder(s) of the Debentures submitted for conversion, or its assignees, as requested by the Investor.
Pacific Stock Transfer Co. (“Pacific Stock Transfer Co.,” the “Transfer Agent” or “you”) are hereby irrevocably authorized and instructed to reserve a sufficient number of shares of Common Stock of the Company to satisfy the Company’s share reservation requirement of 500% of the Debentures under the Agreement (initially,  476,190 shares of Common Stock which should be held in reserve for the Investor pursuant to the subject Debentures as of this date) for issuance upon conversion of any of the Debentures referenced herein in accordance with the terms thereof (without giving effect to the 4.99% limitation on ownership, each as set forth in the Debentures).
The amount of Common Stock so reserved may be increased, from time to time, by written instructions of the Company or the Investor.
The amount of Common Stock so reserved may not be decreased without the prior written consent of the Investor (unless such decrease in reserved shares is due to an issuance of reserved shares pursuant to the conversion of Debentures).
You will adjust the number of reserved shares accordingly, within one (1) business day of receipt of any such instructions, so as long as there are sufficient available authorized shares.
The ability to convert the Debentures in a timely manner is a material obligation of the Company pursuant to the Debentures.
Your firm is hereby irrevocably authorized and instructed to issue shares of Common Stock of the Company (without any restrictive legend) to the Investor at the
If an opinion from counsel is not provided, you are instructed and authorized to issue shares to the Investor as restricted and the associated certificate(s) should include the customary 144 restrictive legend.
The Transfer Agent must issue the shares of Common Stock to the Investor, pursuant to this agreement, despite any threatened or ongoing dispute between the Company and Investor, unless there is a valid court order prohibiting such issuance.
The Company affirms that it has by all appropriate corporate action irrevocably resolved to issue all required Common Stock to the investor and hereby requests that your firm act immediately, without delay and without the need for any action or confirmation by the Company with respect to the reservation of shares and the  issuance of Common Stock pursuant to any Conversion Notices received from the Investor.
You agree that the Company’s irrevocable resolutions and this irrevocable letter of instructions constitute sufficient documentation to evidence the Company’s authorization to complete the activities contemplated hereby and that no other Company documentation or confirmation shall be necessary or requested from the Company.
The Investor and the Company understand that Pacific Stock Transfer Co. shall not be required to perform any issuances or transfers of shares if (a) the Company or request violates, or is in material violation of, any terms of the Transfer Agent Agreement, (b) such an issuance or transfer of shares is, in the opinion of the Transfer Agent’s legal counsel, as demonstrated by a written legal opinion addressed to the Company and the Investor, in violation of any state or federal securities law or regulation or (c) the issuance or transfer of shares is prohibited or stopped as required or directed by a valid court order.
and, once such court order and legal opinion are received, you will not be obligated to perform any issuances related to the Debentures and this agreement.
If the Company has an outstanding balance of fees owed to Pacific Stock Transfer Co. for any reason, the Investor understands Pacific Stock Transfer Co. will not be obligated to issue Common Stock to the Investor unless the Company or Investor first pays all fees owed to Pacific Stock Transfer Co., provided that if the Investor pays the fees of Pacific Stock Transfer Co. for the specific issuance of Common Stock to the Investor under a given Conversion Notice, then Pacific Stock Transfer Co. will issue such shares notwithstanding any unpaid fees owed it by the Company for other purposes.
The Company authorizes Pacific Stock Transfer Co. to inform the Investor of the amount and nature of any outstanding transfer agency fee balances owed by the Company if the Investor requests such information.
You are hereby authorized and directed to promptly disclose to the Investor without any additional confirmation from the Company, after Investor’s request from time to time, the total number of shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding, the total number of shares of Common Stock in the float, and the total number of shares of Common Stock that are authorized but unissued and unreserved.
The Company shall indemnify you and your officers, directors, principals, partners, agents and representatives, and hold each of them harmless from and against any and all loss, liability, damage, claim or expense (including the reasonable fees and disbursements of its attorneys) incurred by or asserted against you or any of them arising out of or in connection the instructions set forth herein, the performance of your duties hereunder and otherwise in respect hereof, including the costs and expenses of defending yourself or themselves against any claim or liability hereunder, except that the Company shall not be liable hereunder as to matters in respect of which it is determined that you have acted with gross negligence or in bad faith.
You shall have no liability to the Company in respect to any action taken or any failure to act in respect of this if such action was taken or omitted to be taken in good faith, and you shall be entitled to rely in this regard on the advice of counsel.
The Board of Directors of the Company has approved the foregoing (irrevocable instructions) and does hereby extend the Company’s irrevocable agreement to indemnify your firm and any successor transfer agent for all loss, liability or expense in carrying out the authority and direction herein contained on the terms herein set forth.
The Investor is intended to be, and is, a third party beneficiary hereof, and no amendment or modification to the instructions set forth herein may be made without the consent of the Investor.
Any replacement transfer agent (whether approved by the Investor or appointed by the Company without the Investor’ prior consent in breach of the foregoing provisions) shall automatically be bound by this Letter Agreement as if a party hereto, and any such replacement transfer agent shall confirm in writing to the Investor within two (2) business days that it is bound by the terms and conditions of these irrevocable instructions.
[Signature Page Follows]
Very truly yours,
WHEREAS, the Board deems it in the best interest of the Corporation to, pursuant to the Agreement, enter into an irrevocable letter agreement  with Pacific Stock Transfer Co., the Corporation’s transfer agent (the “Transfer Agent”), with respect to the reserve of shares of Common Stock which may be issued to the Buyer upon conversion of the Debentures, the issuance of such shares of Common Stock in connection with a conversion of the Debentures, and the indemnification of the Transfer Agent for all loss, liability, or expense in carrying out the authority and direction contained in the irrevocable letter agreement (the “Letter Agreement”).
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT:
RESOLVED, that the Corporation is hereby authorized and instructed to enter into and perform the Agreement (including, without limitation, the incurrence of indebtedness thereunder), the Debentures, the Letter Agreement, and all other related documents and, to the extent that any corporate action has been taken prior to the date hereof with respect to any matter which would be otherwise authorized pursuant hereto, such action is hereby ratified and confirmed in its entirety;
RESOLVED, that the Corporation is hereby irrevocably authorized and instructed to issue the Securities (as defined in the Agreement) and all Common Stock issuable under the Agreement or upon conversion of the Debentures, when issued pursuant to the Transaction Documents (as defined in the Agreement), shall be fully-paid, validly issued, non-assessable shares of Common Stock of the Corporation;
to: (i) reserve shares of Common Stock of the Corporation to be issued upon any conversion of the Debentures, (ii) issue such shares of Common Stock in connection with a conversion of the Debentures, upon issuance  of a notice of conversion by the holder of the Debentures) without any further action or confirmation by the Corporation, (iii) indemnify the Transfer Agent for all loss, liability, or expense in carrying out the authority and direction contained in the Letter Agreement (iv) provide a power or attorney wherein it appoints the Investor as the Corporation’s attorney-in-fact for purposes of the transactions contemplated by the Letter Agreement.
RESOLVED, that the foregoing resolutions are irrevocable and cannot be modified, repealed or rescinded without the prior written consent of the Buyer, any purported modification, repeal or rescission without the prior written consent of the Buyer being void, invalid, of no force or effect and unenforceable; and
The undersigned, do hereby certify that we are members of the Board, that the attached is a true and correct copy of resolutions duly adopted and ratified at a meeting of the Board duly convened and held in accordance with its by-laws and the laws of the Corporation’s state of incorporation, as transcribed by us from the minutes; and that the same have not in any way been modified, repealed or rescinded and are in full force and effect.
The foregoing resolutions are irrevocable and cannot be modified, repealed or rescinded without the prior written consent of the Buyer.
[Signature Page Follows]
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, we have hereunto set our hands as Members of the Board of Directors of the Corporation.
1.I am the duly appointed Chief Executive Officer of the Company.
2.Attached hereto as Exhibit I is a true and complete copy of the Articles of Incorporation of the Company and all amendments thereto to the date hereof.
3.Attached hereto as Exhibit II is a true and complete copy of the Bylaws of the Company as in effect on the date hereof
4.Attached hereto as Exhibit III are resolutions dated March __, 2017, duly adopted by the Board of Directors of the Company, which resolutions have not been amended, modified or rescinded and remain on this date in full force and effect.
5.The representations and warranties made by the Company in the Purchase Agreement are true and correct in all material respects as of the date of this Officer’s Certificate.
The capitalization of the Company described in the Purchase Agreement has not changed as of the date hereof.
6.As of the date hereof, the Company has satisfied and duly performed all of the conditions and obligations specified the Purchase Agreement to be satisfied on or prior to the Closing Date (as defined in the Purchase Agreement) or such conditions and obligations have been waived expressly in writing signed by the purchaser.
7.The Company has complied with or, if compliance prior to Closing (as defined in the Purchase Agreement) is not required, promptly following the Closing the Company shall comply with, the filing requirements in respect of this transaction under (a) Regulation D under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “1933 Act”) (and applicable Blue Sky regulations) and (b) the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.
8.There has been no adverse change in the business, affairs, prospects, operations, properties, assets or condition of the Company since the date of the Company’s most recent financial statements filed with the SEC, other than losses and matters which would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect (as defined in the Purchase Agreement).
9.The Company is qualified as a foreign corporation in all jurisdictions in which the Company owns or leases properties, or conducts any business except where failure of the Company to be so qualified would not have a Material Adverse Effect (as defined in the Purchase Agreement).
10.The Company is subject to the reporting requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and is in compliance with all applicable filing requirements, and has filed all required reports during the previous twelve months.
11.To the best of my knowledge and belief, no officer, director, owner of ten percent (10%) or more of the common stock, or other affiliate of the Company has been convicted within the previous ten (10) years of any felony in connection with the purchase or sale of any security, nor been subject to a United States Postal Service false representation order within the past five (5) years.
12.The Company is an operating company, and is not a shell company.
If the Company has previously been a shell company, it has since filed Form 10 information (supporting the claim that it is no longer a shell company), reported that it is no longer a shell company, filed all required reports for at least twelve consecutive months after the filing of the respective Form 10 information, and has therefore complied with Rule 144(i)(2).
13.The Company is a corporation organized under the laws of the state of Texas and is in good standing therein.
 [Signature Page Follows]
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed this Officer’s Certificate as of  March __, 2017.
EXHIBIT I
RESOLUTIONS OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS
(see Exhibit C to Securities Purchase Agreement)
