WHEREAS, the Buyer wishes to purchase from the Company, and the Company wishes to sell the Buyer, upon the terms and subject to the conditions of this Agreement, securities consisting of the Company’s Convertible Debentures due two years from the respective dates of issuance (the “Debentures”), each of which are in the form of Exhibit A hereto, which will be convertible into shares of the Company’s common stock, par value $0.001 per share (the “Common Stock”), in the aggregate principal amount of up to Four Hundred Thousand and 00/100 Dollars ($400,000.00), for an aggregate Purchase Price of up to Three Hundred Sixty Thousand and 00/100 Dollars ($360,000.00), all upon the terms and subject to the conditions of this Agreement, the Debentures, and other related documents;
(iii) “Closing Date” means the date on which one of the three (3) Closings are held, which are the Signing Closing Date, the Second Closing Date and the Third Closing Date.
(xi) “Dollars” or “$” means United States Dollars.
(iv) “Purchase Price” means the price that the Buyer pays for the Debentures at each respective Closing, which are the Signing Purchase Price, the Second Purchase Price and the Third Closing Price, as the case may be.
“Second Debenture” means the second of the three (3) Debentures, in the principal amount of One Hundred Fifty Thousand and 00/100 Dollars ($150,000.00), which is issued by the Company to the Buyer on the Second Closing Date.
(xii) “Second Purchase Price” shall be One Hundred Thirty Five Thousand and 00/100 Dollars ($135,000.00)
(xiv)  “Signing Debenture” means the first of the three (3) Debentures, in the principal amount of One Hundred Thousand and 00/100 Dollars ($100,000.00), to be issued by the Company to the Buyer on the Signing Closing Date.
(xv) “Signing Purchase Price” shall be Ninety Thousand and 00/100 Dollars ($90,000.00).
(xviii)   “Third Debenture” means the third of the three (3) Debentures, in the principal amount of One Hundred Fifty Thousand and 00/100 Dollars ($150,000.00), which is issued by the Company to the Buyer on the Third Closing Date.
(xix)    “Third Purchase Price” shall be One Hundred Thirty Five Thousand and 00/100 Dollars ($135,000.00).
Purchase and Sale of Debentures.
(i) The Buyer agrees to purchase from the Company, and the Company agrees to sell to the Buyer, the Debentures on the terms and conditions set forth below in this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents.
Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents, the Buyer will purchase the Debentures at certain closings (each, a “Closing”) to be held on certain respective Closing Dates.
Without limiting the Buyer’s right to sell the Shares pursuant to a Registration Statement, Buyer is purchasing the Debentures, and will be acquiring the Conversion Shares, for its own account for investment only and not with a view towards the public sale or distribution thereof and not with a view to or for sale in connection with any distribution thereof.
q. Residency.
g. Available Shares.
h. Reimbursement.
No Payments to Affiliates or Related Parties.
If, by the terms of the Debentures, any other Transaction Document or any other instrument, Buyer is at any time required or obligated to pay interest at a rate exceeding such maximum rate, interest payable under the Debenture and/or such other Transaction Documents or other instrument shall be computed (or recomputed) at such maximum rate, and the portion of all prior interest payments (if any) exceeding such maximum shall be applied to payment of the outstanding principal of the Debentures.
Should the Company fail for any reason to keep current in its payment obligations to the Transfer Agent, the Buyer and/or Investments may pay such amounts as are necessary to compensate the Transfer Agent for performing its duties with respect to share reservation, issuance of Conversion Shares and/or de-legending certificates representing Restricted Stock, and all amounts so paid shall be promptly reimbursed by the Company.
If not so reimbursed within thirty (30) days, such amounts shall, at the option of the Buyer and without prior notice to or consent of the Company, be added to the principal amount due under the Debenture(s) held by the Buyer, whereupon interest will begin to accrue on such amounts at the rate specified in the Debentures.
CLOSINGS.
Signing Closing.
The Company shall immediately pay the fees due under Section 12 of this Agreement upon receipt of the Signing Purchase Price if Buyer does not withhold such amounts from the Signing Purchase Price pursuant to Section 12.
Second Closing.
c. Third Closing.
Each Closing shall be deemed to occur on the related Closing Date at the office of the Buyer’s counsel and shall take place no later than 5:00 P.M., New York time, on such day or such other time as is mutually agreed upon by the Company and the Buyer.
Purchase Price.
The Buyer’s obligation to purchase the Debentures at each Closing is conditioned upon:
To the extent determined by the applicable court described above, the Company shall reimburse the Buyer for any reasonable legal fees and disbursements incurred by the Buyer in enforcement of or protection of any of its rights under any of the Transaction Documents.
BUYER:Peak One Opportunity Fund, L.P.Attention:  Jason Goldstein
FEES; EXPENSES.
Commitment Fee.
The Company shall pay to Investments a non-accountable fee (the “Commitment Fee”) of (i) Two Thousand Five Hundred and 00/100 Dollars ($2,500.00) on the Signing Closing Date (with respect to the Signing Debenture), One Thousand and 00/100 Dollars ($1,000.00) on the Second Closing Date (with respect to the Second Debenture), as well as One Thousand and 00/100 Dollars ($1,000.00) on the Third Closing Date (with respect to the Third Debenture), for Investments’ expenses and analysis performed in connection with the analysis of the Company and the propriety of the Buyer’s making the contemplated investment.
The Commitment Fee shall be paid on the respective closing dates if Buyer does not withhold such amounts from the respective purchase price pursuant to Section 12(c).
Legal Fees.
The Company shall pay the legal fees of the Buyer’s counsel (the “Legal Fees”) in the amount of Two Thousand Five Hundred and 00/100 Dollars ($2,500.00) on the Signing Closing Date (with respect to the Signing Debenture), One Thousand and 00/100 Dollars ($1,000.00) on the Second Closing Date (with respect to the Second Debenture), as well as One Thousand and 00/100 Dollars ($1,000.00) on the Third Closing Date (with respect to the Third Debenture).
The Company further agrees to pay in full the reasonable legal fees of the Buyer’s counsel incurred after the Signing Closing Date incurred in connection with the Transaction Documents (including addressing any purported breach(es) or default(s) by the Company, enforcement of the Company’s obligations or the exercise of the Buyer’s remedies thereunder).
c. Disbursements.
In furtherance of the foregoing, the Company hereby authorizes the Buyer to deduct the cash portion of the Commitment Fee and the Legal Fees from the Signing Purchase Price and transmit same to the respective payee.
BUYER:
Issuance Date:  ____________, 2017Principal Amount:  $____________
FOR VALUE RECEIVED, ACACIA DIVERSIFIED HOLDINGS, INC., a corporation organized and existing under the laws of the State of Texas) (the “Company”), hereby promises to pay to PEAK ONE OPPORTUNITY FUND, L.P., having its address at XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX, or its assigns (the “Holder” and together with the other holders of Debentures issued pursuant to the Securities Purchase Agreement (as defined below), the “Holders”), the initial principal sum of ____________and 00/100 Dollars ($____________) (subject to adjustment as provided herein, the “Principal Amount”) on ____________, 2019 (the “Maturity Date”) [THIRD ANNIVERSARY OF DATE OF ISSUANCE].
The Company has the option to redeem this Debenture prior to the Maturity Date pursuant to Section 2(b).
All unpaid principal due and payable on the Maturity Date shall be paid in the form of Common Stock of the Company, par value $0.001 per share (“Common Stock”) pursuant to Section 3.
Conversion at Holder’s Option; Redemption at Company’s Option.
The Holder is entitled to, at any time or from time to time, convert the Conversion Amount (as defined below) into Conversion Shares, at a conversion price for each share of Common Stock (the “Conversion Price”) equal to either: (i) if no Event of Default (as defined herein) has occurred and the date of conversion is prior to the date that is one hundred eighty (180) days after the Issuance Date, $1.60, or (ii) if an Event of Default has occurred or the date of conversion is on or after the date that is one hundred eighty (180) days after the Issuance Date, the lesser of (a) $1.60 or (b) Seventy percent (70%) of the second lowest closing bid price (as reported by Bloomberg LP) of the Common Stock for the twenty (20) Trading Days immediately preceding the date of the date of conversion (for clarification purposes, if the lowest closing bid price during the applicable period is equal to the second lowest closing bid price during the applicable period, then such lowest closing bid price shall still be utilized for purposes of this calculation) of the Debentures (provided, further, that if either the Company is not DWAC Operational at the time of conversion or the Common Stock is traded on the OTC Pink (“OTCP”) at the time of conversion, then Seventy percent (70%) shall automatically adjust to Sixty Five percent (65%) of the second lowest closing bid price (as reported by Bloomberg LP) of the Common Stock for the twenty (20) Trading Days immediately preceding the date of conversion of the Debentures) (for clarification purposes, if the lowest closing bid price during the applicable period is equal to the second lowest closing bid price during the applicable period, then such lowest closing bid price shall still be utilized for purposes of this calculation), subject in each case to equitable adjustments resulting from any stock splits, stock dividends, recapitalizations or similar events.
(iv)On the Redemption Date, the Company shall cause the Holders whose Debentures have been presented for redemption to be issued payment of the Redemption Price.
2.the Redemption Price;
3.the aggregate Principal Amount of the Debentures being called for redemption;
date multiplied by 10; and (iii) if the Company declares a stock dividend of one share of Common Stock for every 10 shares outstanding, thereafter, with respect to any conversion for which the Company issues the shares after the record date of such dividend, the Conversion Price shall be deemed to be the amount of such Conversion Price calculated immediately prior to such record date multiplied by a fraction, of which the numerator is the number of shares for which a dividend share will be issued and the denominator is such number of shares plus the dividend share(s) issuable or issued thereon.
All payments contemplated hereby to be made “in cash” shall be made by wire transfer of immediately available funds in such coin or currency of the United States of America as at the time of payment is legal tender for payment of public and private debts.
The occurrence of a breach or an event of default under the terms of any indebtedness or financial instrument of the Company or any subsidiary (including but not limited to any Subsidiary) of the Company in an aggregate amount in excess of Fifty Thousand Dollars ($50,000) or more which is not waived by the creditors under such indebtedness (as to which no cure period shall apply); or
At any time while this Debenture is outstanding, the lowest traded price on the OTCP, OTCQB, or OTCQX, or other applicable principal trading market for the Common Stock, is equal to or less than $0.0001.
which any 3rd party has the  right to convert monies owed to that 3rd party (or receive shares pursuant to a settlement or otherwise) at a discount to market greater than the Conversion Price in effect at that  time (prior to all other applicable adjustments in this Debenture), then the Conversion Price shall be automatically adjusted to such greater discount percentage (prior to all applicable adjustments in this Debenture) until this Debenture is no longer outstanding.
ACACIA DIVERSIFIED HOLDINGS, INC., a Texas corporation (the "Company") and Peak One Opportunity Fund, L.P.  (together with its successors and assigns, the "Investor") have entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement dated as of March __, 2017 (the "Agreement") providing for the issuance of the Convertible Debentures, convertible into the Company’s common stock, par value $0.001 per share (“Common Stock”) in the principal amount of up to $400,000.00 (collectively, the "Debentures").
WHEREAS, the Board deems it in the best interests of the Corporation to enter into a Securities Purchase Agreement to be dated on or about March __, 2017 (the “Agreement”), by and between the Corporation and Peak One Opportunity Fund LP (the “Buyer”) in connection with the purchase and sale of certain Debentures of the Corporation, in the aggregate principal amount of up to Four Hundred Thousand and 00/100 Dollars ($400,000.00) (the “Debentures”), convertible into shares of common stock, par value $0.001 per share, of the Corporation (the “Common Stock”), upon the terms and subject to the limitations and conditions set forth in the Agreement; and
The undersigned, Richard K. Pertile, Chief Executive Officer of Acacia Diversified Holdings, Inc., a Texas corporation (the “Company”), in connection with the sale and issuance of those certain Debentures in the aggregate principal amount of up to Four Hundred Thousand and 00/100 Dollars ($400,000.00), in accordance with that certain Securities Purchase Agreement dated March __, 2017, by and between the Company and Peak One Opportunity Fund, L.P. (the “Purchase Agreement”), hereby certifies that:
