AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER
This Agreement and Plan of Merger (“Agreement”) is made and entered into as of September 26, 2006, by and among: Acquicor Technology Inc., a Delaware corporation (“Parent”); Joy Acquisition Corp., a Delaware corporation and a wholly-owned Subsidiary of Parent (“Merger Sub”); Jazz Semiconductor, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the “Company”); and TC Group, L.L.C.
Parent, Merger Sub and the Company intend to effect a merger of Merger Sub into the Company (the “Merger”) in accordance with this Agreement and the Delaware General Corporation Law (the “DGCL”).
C. In order to induce Parent to enter into this Agreement and to consummate the Merger, concurrently with the execution and delivery of this Agreement: (i) the Key Stockholders are executing a stockholder support agreement in favor of Parent (the “Stockholder Support Agreement”); (ii) the Key Stockholders are entering into General Releases in favor of the Company and Parent (the “General Releases”), to be effective as of the Closing; (iii) certain stockholders of the Company are executing Noncompetition and Non-Solicitation Agreements in favor of Parent (the “Noncompetition Agreements”); (iv) Conexant Systems, Inc. is entering into certain lease amendment agreements with Parent (the “Lease Amendment Agreements”); and (v) the Company and certain Key Stockholders are entering into an agreement terminating the agreements set forth on Schedule 6.10(d) (the “Termination Agreement”).
The Company will continue as the surviving corporation in the Merger (the “Surviving Corporation”).
(iv) “HHNEC” means Shanghai Hua Hong NEC Electronics Co., Ltd.
TC Group, L.L.C.
Acquicor Technology Inc.
4910 Birch Street, Suite 102
Irvine, CA 92660
Attention: General Counsel
Facsimile: (949) 266-9020
Attention: Gian-Michele a Marca
Washington, DC 20004-1304
Group, L.L.C.
Charlotte, NC 28280
Washington, DC 20004-1304
In witness whereof, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be executed and delivered as of the date first set forth above.Acquicor Technology Inc.,a Delaware corporationBy:
Name:
Title:Joy Acquisition Corp.,a Delaware corporationBy:
Name:
Title:Jazz Semiconductor, Inc.,a Delaware corporationBy:
Name:
Title:TC Group, L.L.C.,as the Stockholders’ Representative
“Company Retention Bonus Plan” shall mean the Jazz Semiconductor, Inc.
“Conexant” shall mean Conexant Systems, Inc., a Delaware corporation.Consent.
“Escrow Agent” shall mean Citibank, N.A.
“Key Stockholders” shall mean Carlyle Partners III, LP, Carlyle High Yield Partners, LP, CP III Coinvestment, LP, Conexant and RF Micro Devices, Inc.Knowledge of the Company.
Schedule 5.16(a)Agreements to be Terminated Prior to Closing  •   Carlyle Management Agreement dated as of March 12, 2002 between the Company and TC Group, L.L.C.
•   Conexant Management Agreement dated as of March 12, 2002 between the Company and Conexant Systems, Inc.  •   Termination Agreement dated as of June 28, 2006 by and between the Company and TC Group, L.L.C.
•   Termination Agreement dated as of June 28, 2006 by and between the Company and Conexant Systems, Inc.  •   Second Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement dated as of October 15, 2002 among the Company and the stockholders of the Company party thereto.
•   Amended and Restated Carlyle Review Agreement dated as of October 15, 2002 among the Company, Newport Fab, LLC, Carlyle Partners III, L.P., CP III Coinvestment, L.P. and Carlyle High Yield Partners, L.P.  •   Amended and Restated Conexant Review Agreement dated as of October 15, 2002 between the Company, Newport Fab, LLC and Conexant Systems, Inc.  •   Stockholders Agreement among the Company, Carlyle Partners III, L.P. and the other stockholders of the Company listed on the signature pages attached thereto.
Half Dome Lease Agreement between Specialtysemi, Inc. and Conexant Systems, Inc. dated March 12, 2002 as amended by the First Amendment to the Half Dome Lease Agreement between Newport Fab, LLC and Conexant Systems, Inc. dated May 1, 2004 and by the Second Amendment to the Half Dome Lease Agreement between Newport Fab, LLC and Conexant Systems, Inc. dated December 31, 2005.2.
El Capitan Lease Agreement between Specialtysemi, Inc. and Conexant Systems, Inc. date March 12, 2002 as amended by the First Amendment to the El Capitan Lease Agreement between Newport Fab, LLC and Conexant Systems, Inc. dated October 1, 2004, by the Second Amendment to the El Capitan Lease Agreement between Newport Fab, LLC and Conexant Systems, Inc. dated November 31, 2005 and by the Third Amendment to the El Capitan Lease Agreement between Newport Fab, LLC and Conexant Systems, Inc. dated September 1, 2006.
