Exhibit 99.1
WHEREAS:
The Company and the Buyer are executing and delivering this Agreement in reliance upon the exemption from securities registration afforded by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “1933 Act”) and Rule 506(b) promulgated by the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) under the 1933 Act;
NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and of the agreements and covenants herein contained, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, the Company and the Buyer hereby agree as follows:
On the Closing Date (as defined below), the Company shall issue and sell to the Buyer, and the Buyer agrees to purchase from the Company, the Note, as further provided herein.
As used in this Agreement, the term “business day” shall mean any day other than a Saturday, Sunday, or a day on which commercial banks in the city of New York, New York are authorized or required by law or executive order to remain closed.
Subject to the satisfaction (or written waiver) of the conditions thereto set forth in Section 6 and Section 7 below, the date and time of the issuance and sale of the Note pursuant to this Agreement (the “Closing Date”) shall be on the date that the Purchase Price is paid by Buyer pursuant to terms of this Agreement.
The closing of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement (the “Closing”) shall occur on the Closing Date at such location as may be agreed to by the parties (including via exchange of electronic signatures).
On or before the Closing Date, the Company shall issue the Warrant to the Buyer pursuant to the terms of contained therein.
Buyer’s Representations and Warranties.
The Buyer represents and warrants to the Company as of the Closing Date that:
Investment Purpose.
As of the Closing Date, the Buyer is purchasing the Note, the Warrant, the shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of or otherwise pursuant to the Note (the “Conversion Shares”), shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Warrant, (the “Warrant Shares”, and collectively with the Note, Warrant, and Conversion Shares, the “Securities”) for its own account and not with a present view towards the public sale or distribution thereof, except pursuant to sales registered or exempted from registration under the 1933 Act; provided, however, that by making the representations herein, the Buyer does not agree to hold any of the Securities for any minimum or other specific term and reserves the right to dispose of the Securities at any time in accordance with or pursuant to a registration statement or an exemption under the 1933 Act.
Accredited Investor Status.
The Buyer is an “accredited investor” as that term is defined in Rule 501(a) of Regulation D (an “Accredited Investor”).
c. Reliance on Exemptions.
The Buyer understands that the Securities are being offered and sold to it in reliance upon specific exemptions from the registration requirements of United States federal and state securities laws and that the Company is relying upon the truth and accuracy of, and the Buyer’s compliance with, the representations, warranties, agreements, acknowledgments and understandings of the Buyer set forth herein in order to determine the availability of such exemptions and the eligibility of the Buyer to acquire the Securities.
The Buyer and its advisors, if any, have been, and for so long as the Note remains outstanding will continue to be, furnished with all materials relating to the business, finances and operations of the Company and materials relating to the offer and sale of the Securities which have been requested by the Buyer or its advisors.
The Buyer and its advisors, if any, have been, and for so long as the Note remains outstanding will continue to be, afforded the opportunity to ask questions of the Company regarding its business and affairs.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company has not disclosed to the Buyer any material nonpublic information regarding the Company or otherwise and will not disclose such information unless such information is disclosed to the public prior to or promptly following such disclosure to the Buyer.
Neither such inquiries nor any other due diligence investigation conducted by Buyer or any of its advisors or representatives shall modify, amend or affect Buyer’s right to rely on the Company’s representations and warranties contained in Section 3 below.
The Buyer understands that no United States federal or state agency or any other government or governmental agency has passed upon or made any recommendation or endorsement of the Securities.
The Buyer understands that until such time as the Note, Warrant, and, upon conversion of the Note and/or exercise of the Warrant in accordance with its respective terms, the Conversion Shares and/or Warrant Shares, have been registered under the 1933 Act or may be sold pursuant to Rule 144 under the 1933 Act, or other applicable exemption without any restriction as to the number of securities as of a particular date that can then be immediately sold, the Securities may bear a restrictive legend in substantially the following form (and a stop-transfer order may be placed against transfer of such Securities): “NEITHER THE ISSUANCE AND SALE OF THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE NOR THE SECURITIES INTO WHICH THESE SECURITIES MAY BE CONVERTIBLE OR EXERCISABLE HAVE BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS.
THE SECURITIES MAY NOT BE OFFERED FOR SALE, SOLD, TRANSFERRED OR ASSIGNED (I) IN THE ABSENCE OF (A) AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT FOR THE SECURITIES UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR (B) AN OPINION OF COUNSEL (WHICH COUNSEL SHALL BE SELECTED BY THE HOLDER), IN A GENERALLY ACCEPTABLE FORM, THAT REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED UNDER SAID ACT OR (II) UNLESS (A) SOLD PURSUANT TO RULE 144, RULE OR OTHER APPLICABLE EXEMPTION UNDER SAID ACT AND (B) AN OPINION OF COUNSEL IS PROVIDED (WHICH COUNSEL SHALL BE SELECTED BY THE HOLDER), IN A GENERALLY ACCEPTABLE FORM, THAT SUCH SALE IS PERMITTED UNDER RULE 144, OR OTHER APPLICABLE EXEMPTION UNDER SAID ACT.
The Company shall be responsible for the fees of its transfer agent and all DTC fees associated with any such issuance.
In the event that the Company does not accept the opinion of counsel provided by the Buyer with respect to the transfer of Securities pursuant to an exemption from registration, such as Rule 144 or other applicable exemption at the Deadline (as defined in the Note), it will be considered an Event of Default pursuant to Section 3.2 of the Note.
This Agreement has been duly and validly authorized by the Buyer and has been duly executed and delivered on behalf of the Buyer, and this Agreement constitutes a valid and binding agreement of the Buyer enforceable in accordance with its terms, except as enforcement may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other similar laws affecting creditors’ rights generally and except as may be limited by the exercise of judicial discretion in applying principles of equity.
Representations and Warranties of the Company.
The Company represents and warrants to the Buyer as of the Closing Date that: a.
Organization and Qualification.
The Company and each of its Material Subsidiaries (as defined below), if any, is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction in which it is incorporated, with full power and authority (corporate and other) to own, lease, use and operate its properties and to carry on its business as and where now owned, leased, used, operated and conducted.
Schedule 3(a), if attached hereto, sets forth a list of all of the Material Subsidiaries of the Company and the jurisdiction in which each is incorporated.
The Company and each of its Material Subsidiaries is duly qualified as a foreign corporation to do business and is in good standing in every jurisdiction in which its ownership or use of property or the nature of the business conducted by it makes such qualification necessary except where the failure to be so qualified or in good standing would not have a Material Adverse Effect.
“Material Adverse Effect” means any material adverse effect on the business, operations, assets, financial condition or prospects of the Company or its Material Subsidiaries, if any, taken as a whole, or on the transactions contemplated hereby or by the agreements or instruments to be entered into in connection herewith.
“Material Subsidiaries” means any corporation or other organization, whether incorporated or unincorporated, in which the Company owns, directly or indirectly, a majority of the voting equity or otherwise controls such subsidiary and consolidates such subsidiary in its financial statements prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.
Authorization; Enforcement.
All of such outstanding shares of capital stock of the Company, the Conversion Shares, and Warrant Shares, are, or upon issuance will be, duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable.
No shares of capital stock of the Company are subject to preemptive rights or any other similar rights of the shareholders of the Company or any liens or encumbrances imposed through the actions or failure to act of the Company.
As of the effective date of this Agreement, other than as publicly announced prior to such date and reflected in the SEC Documents of the Company and other than contracts with consultants James Cook, Jeffrey Witkin, Roc Cerne, and Michael Poe, each of which contracts includes payment in stock or other equity-linked securities, vesting over time (i) there are no outstanding options, warrants, scrip, rights to subscribe for, puts, calls, rights of first refusal, agreements, understandings, claims or other commitments or rights of any character whatsoever relating to, or securities or rights convertible into or exchangeable for any shares of capital stock of the Company or any of its Material Subsidiaries, or arrangements by which the Company or any of its Material Subsidiaries is or may become bound to issue additional shares of capital stock of the Company or any of its Material Subsidiaries, (ii) there are no agreements or arrangements under which the Company or any of its Material Subsidiaries is obligated to register the sale of any of its or their securities under the 1933 Act and (iii) there are no anti-dilution or price adjustment provisions contained in any security issued by the Company (or in any agreement providing rights to security holders) that will be triggered by the issuance of any of the Securities.
The Conversion Shares and Warrant Shares are duly authorized and reserved for issuance and, upon conversion of the Note in accordance with its terms, will be validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable, and free from all taxes, liens, claims and encumbrances with respect to the issue thereof and shall not be subject to preemptive rights or other similar rights of shareholders of the Company and will not impose personal liability upon the holder thereof.
The issuance of the Warrant is duly authorized and will be validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable, and free from all taxes, liens, claims and encumbrances with respect to the issue thereof and shall not be subject to preemptive rights or other similar rights of shareholders of the Company and will not impose personal liability upon the holder thereof.
The Company understands and acknowledges the potentially dilutive effect of the Conversion Shares and Warrant Shares to the Common Stock upon the conversion of the Note and/or exercise of the Warrant.
The Company further acknowledges that its obligation to issue, upon conversion of the Note, the Conversion Shares, and upon exercise of the Warrant, the Warrant Shares, in accordance with this Agreement, and the Note are absolute and unconditional regardless of the dilutive effect that such issuance may have on the ownership interests of other shareholders of the Company.
g. Ranking; No Conflicts.
The Note shall be pari passu in payment and performance with all unsecured indebtedness of the Company.
The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the Note by the Company and the consummation by the Company of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby (including, without limitation, the issuance and reservation for issuance of the Conversion Shares and Warrant Shares) will not (i) conflict with or result in a violation of any provision of the Certificate of Incorporation or By-laws, or (ii) violate or conflict with, or result in a breach of any provision of, or constitute a default (or an event which with notice or lapse of time or both could become a default) under, or give to others any rights of termination, amendment, acceleration or cancellation of, any agreement, note, evidence of indebtedness, indenture, patent, patent license or instrument to which the Company or any of its Material Subsidiaries is a party, or (iii) result in a violation of any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment or decree (including federal and state securities laws and regulations and regulations of any self-regulatory organizations to which the Company or its securities is subject) applicable to the Company or any of its Material Subsidiaries or by which any property or asset of the Company or any of its Material Subsidiaries is bound or affected (except for such conflicts, defaults, terminations, amendments, accelerations, cancellations and violations as would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect), or (iv) trigger any anti- dilution and/or ratchet provision contained in any other contract in which the Company is a party thereto or any security issued by the Company.
Neither the Company nor any of its Material Subsidiaries is in violation of its Certificate of Incorporation, By-laws or other organizational documents and other than as disclosed in SEC Documents, neither the Company nor any of its Material Subsidiaries is in default (and no event has occurred which with notice or lapse of time or both could put the Company or any of its Material Subsidiaries in default) under, and neither the Company nor any of its Material Subsidiaries has taken any action or failed to take any action that would give to others any rights of termination, amendment, acceleration or cancellation of, any agreement, indenture or instrument to which the Company or any of its Material Subsidiaries is a party or by which any property or assets of the Company or any of its Material Subsidiaries is bound or affected, except for possible defaults as would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect.
The businesses of the Company and its Material Subsidiaries, if any, are not being conducted, and shall not be conducted so long as the Buyer owns any of the Securities, in violation of any law, ordinance or regulation of any governmental entity.
Except as specifically contemplated by this Agreement and as required under the 1933 Act and any applicable state securities laws, the Company is not required to obtain any consent, authorization or order of, or make any filing or registration with, any court, governmental agency, regulatory agency, self-regulatory organization or stock market or any third party in order for it to execute, deliver or perform any of its obligations under this Agreement and the Note in accordance with the terms hereof or thereof or to issue and sell the Note in accordance with the terms hereof and, upon conversion of the Note and/or exercise of the Warrant, issue Conversion Shares and/or Warrant Shares.
All consents, authorizations, orders, filings and registrations which the Company is required to obtain pursuant to the preceding sentence have been obtained or effected on or prior to the date hereof.
The Company is not in violation of the listing requirements of the Principal Market (as defined herein) and does not reasonably anticipate that the Common Stock will be delisted by the Principal Market in the foreseeable future.
The Company and its Material Subsidiaries are unaware of any facts or circumstances which might give rise to any of the foregoing.
The Principal Market shall mean any tier of the OTC Markets, any tier of the NASDAQ Stock Market (including NASDAQ Capital Market), or the New York Stock Exchange or NYSE American, or any successor to such markets.
The Company has filed all reports, schedules, forms, statements and other documents required to be filed by it with the SEC pursuant to the reporting requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “1934 Act”) (all of the foregoing filed prior to the date hereof and all exhibits included therein and financial statements and schedules thereto and documents (other than exhibits to such documents) incorporated by reference therein, being herein referred to as the “SEC Documents”).
As of their respective dates, the SEC Documents complied in all material respects with the requirements of the 1934 Act and the rules and regulations of the SEC promulgated thereunder applicable to the SEC Documents, and none of the SEC Documents, at the time they were filed with the SEC, contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.
None of the statements made in any such SEC Documents is, or has been, required to be amended or updated under applicable law (except for such statements as have been amended or updated in subsequent filings prior the date hereof) and other than the pre-existing Form S- 1 and the related prospectus with respect to the equity line and the related equity purchase agreement with White Lion Capital LLC (the “Equity Line”).
As of their respective dates, the financial statements of the Company included in the SEC Documents complied as to form in all material respects with applicable accounting requirements and the published rules and regulations of the SEC with respect thereto.
Such financial statements have been prepared in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles, consistently applied, during the periods involved and fairly present in all material respects the consolidated financial position of the Company and its consolidated Material Subsidiaries as of the dates thereof and the consolidated results of their operations and cash flows for the periods then ended (subject, in the case of unaudited statements, to normal year-end audit adjustments).
Except as set forth in the financial statements of the Company included in the SEC Documents, the Company has no liabilities, contingent or otherwise, other than (i) liabilities incurred in the ordinary course of business subsequent to December 31, 2020, and (ii) obligations under contracts and commitments incurred in the ordinary course of business and not required under generally accepted accounting principles to be reflected in such financial statements, which, individually or in the aggregate, are not material to the financial condition or operating results of the Company.
The Company is subject to the reporting requirements of the 1934 Act.
The Company has never been a “shell company” as described in Rule 144(i)(1)(i).
Absence of Certain Changes.
Since December 31, 2020, there has been no material adverse change and no material adverse development in the assets, liabilities, business, properties, operations, financial condition, results of operations, prospects or 1934 Act reporting status of the Company or any of its Material Subsidiaries.
Absence of Litigation.
Other than as disclosed in the SEC Documents, there is no action, suit, claim, proceeding, inquiry or investigation before or by any court, public board, government agency, self- regulatory organization or body pending or, to the knowledge of the Company or any of its Material Subsidiaries, threatened against or affecting the Company or any of its Material Subsidiaries, or their officers or directors in their capacity as such, that could have a Material Adverse Effect.
The SEC Documents contain a complete list and summary description of any pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened proceeding against or affecting the Company or any of its Material Subsidiaries.
The Company and its Material Subsidiaries are unaware of any facts or circumstances which might give rise to any of the foregoing.
The Company and each of its Material Subsidiaries owns or possesses the requisite licenses or rights to use all patents, patent applications, patent rights, inventions, know-how, trade secrets, trademarks, trademark applications, service marks, service names, trade names and copyrights (“Intellectual Property”) necessary to enable it to conduct its business as now operated (and, as presently contemplated to be operated in the future); there is no claim or action by any person pertaining to, or proceeding pending, or to the Company’s knowledge threatened, which challenges the right of the Company or of a Material Subsidiary with respect to any Intellectual Property necessary to enable it to conduct its business as now operated (and, as presently contemplated to be operated in the future); to the best of the Company’s knowledge, the Company’s or its Material Subsidiaries’ current and intended products, services and processes do not infringe on any Intellectual Property or other rights held by any person; and the Company is unaware of any facts or circumstances which might give rise to any of the foregoing.
The Company and each of its Material Subsidiaries have taken reasonable security measures to protect the secrecy, confidentiality and value of their Intellectual Property.
l. No Materially Adverse Contracts, Etc.
Neither the Company nor any of its Material Subsidiaries is subject to any charter, corporate or other legal restriction, or any judgment, decree, order, rule or regulation which in the judgment of the Company’s officers has or is expected in the future to have a Material Adverse Effect.
Neither the Company nor any of its Material Subsidiaries is a party to any contract or agreement which in the judgment of the Company’s officers has or is expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.
Except as noted in the Section 3(m), the Company and each of its Material Subsidiaries has made or filed all federal, state and foreign income and all other tax returns, reports and declarations required by any jurisdiction to which it is subject (unless and only to the extent that the Company and each of its Material Subsidiaries has set aside on its books provisions reasonably adequate for the payment of all unpaid and unreported taxes) and has paid all taxes and other governmental assessments and charges that are material in amount, shown or determined to be due on such returns, reports and declarations, except those being contested in good faith and has set aside on its books provisions reasonably adequate for the payment of all taxes for periods subsequent to the periods to which such returns, reports or declarations apply.
There are no unpaid taxes in any material amount claimed to be due by the taxing authority of any jurisdiction, and the officers of the Company know of no basis for any such claim.
The Company has not executed a waiver with respect to the statute of limitations relating to the assessment or collection of any foreign, federal, state or local tax.
None of the Company’s tax returns is presently being audited by any taxing authority.
The Company has not, as of the date of this Agreement, filed its Delaware Franchise Tax Return which was due on March 1, 2021 and shall do so before April 30, 2021. n. Transactions with Affiliates.
Except for arm’s length transactions pursuant to which the Company or any of its Material Subsidiaries makes payments in the ordinary course of business upon terms no less favorable than the Company or any of its Material Subsidiaries could obtain from third parties and other than transactions described in the SEC Documents and Exempt Issuances as described in the Note and Warrant, none of the officers, directors, or employees of the Company is presently a party to any transaction with the Company or any of its Material Subsidiaries (other than for services as employees, officers and directors), including any contract, agreement or other arrangement providing for the furnishing of services to or by, providing for rental of real or personal property to or from, or otherwise requiring payments to or from any officer, director or such employee or, to the knowledge of the Company, any corporation, partnership, trust or other entity in which any officer, director, or any such employee has a substantial interest or is an officer, director, trustee or partner.
Disclosure.
All information relating to or concerning the Company or any of its Material Subsidiaries set forth in this Agreement and provided to the Buyer pursuant to Section 2(d) hereof and otherwise in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby is true and correct in all material respects and the Company has not omitted to state any material fact necessary in order to make the statements made herein or therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.
No event or circumstance has occurred or exists with respect to the Company or any of its Material Subsidiaries or its or their business, properties, prospects, operations or financial conditions, which, under applicable law, rule or regulation, requires public disclosure or announcement by the Company but which has not been so publicly announced or disclosed.
p. Acknowledgment Regarding Buyer’s Purchase of Securities.
The Company acknowledges and agrees that the Buyer is acting solely in the capacity of arm’s length purchaser with respect to this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby.
The Company further acknowledges that the Buyer is not acting as a financial advisor or fiduciary of the Company (or in any similar capacity) with respect to this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby and any statement made by the Buyer or any of its respective representatives or agents in connection with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby is not advice or a recommendation and is merely incidental to the Buyer’s purchase of the Securities.
The Company further represents to the Buyer that the Company’s decision to enter into this Agreement has been based solely on the independent evaluation of the Company and its representatives.
No Integrated Offering.
Neither the Company, nor any of its affiliates, nor any person acting on its or their behalf, has directly or indirectly made any offers or sales in any security or solicited any offers to buy any security under circumstances that would require registration under the 1933 Act of the issuance of the Securities to the Buyer.
The issuance of the Securities to the Buyer will not be integrated with any other issuance of the Company’s securities (past, current or future) for purposes of any shareholder approval provisions applicable to the Company or its securities.
r. No Brokers; No Solicitation.
Except with respect to J. H. Darbie & Co., a registered broker-dealer (CRD#: 43520), the Company has taken no action which would give rise to any claim by any person for brokerage commissions, transaction fees or similar payments relating to this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby.
The Company acknowledges and agrees that neither the Buyer nor its employee(s), member(s), beneficial owner(s), or partner(s) solicited the Company to enter into this Agreement and consummate the transactions described in this Agreement.
The Company and each of its Material Subsidiaries is in possession of all franchises, grants, authorizations, licenses, permits, easements, variances, exemptions, consents, certificates, approvals and orders necessary to own, lease and operate its properties and to carry on its business as it is now being conducted (collectively, the “Company Permits”), and there is no action pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened regarding suspension or cancellation of any of the Company Permits.
Neither the Company nor any of its Material Subsidiaries is in conflict with, or in default or violation of, any of the Company Permits, except for any such conflicts, defaults or violations which, individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.
(i) There are, to the Company’s knowledge, with respect to the Company or any of its Material Subsidiaries or any predecessor of the Company, no past or present violations of Environmental Laws (as defined below), releases of any material into the environment, actions, activities, circumstances, conditions, events, incidents, or contractual obligations which may give rise to any common law environmental liability or any liability under the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act of 1980 or similar federal, state, local or foreign laws and neither the Company nor any of its Material Subsidiaries has received any notice with respect to any of the foregoing, nor is any action pending or, to the Company’s knowledge, threatened in connection with any of the foregoing.
The term “Environmental Laws” means all federal, state, local or foreign laws relating to pollution or protection of human health or the environment (including, without limitation, ambient air, surface water, groundwater, land surface or subsurface strata), including, without limitation, laws relating to emissions, discharges, releases or threatened releases of chemicals, pollutants contaminants, or toxic or hazardous substances or wastes (collectively, “Hazardous Materials”) into the environment, or otherwise relating to the manufacture, processing, distribution, use, treatment, storage, disposal, transport or handling of Hazardous Materials, as well as all authorizations, codes, decrees, demands or demand letters, injunctions, judgments, licenses, notices or notice letters, orders, permits, plans or regulations issued, entered, promulgated or approved thereunder.
(ii) Other than those that are or were stored, used or disposed of in compliance with applicable law, no Hazardous Materials are contained on or about any real property currently owned, leased or used by the Company or any of its Material Subsidiaries, and no Hazardous Materials were released on or about any real property previously owned, leased or used by the Company or any of its Material Subsidiaries during the period the property was owned, leased or used by the Company or any of its Material Subsidiaries, except in the normal course of the Company’s or any of its Material Subsidiaries’ business.
(iii) There are no underground storage tanks on or under any real property owned, leased or used by the Company or any of its Material Subsidiaries that are not in compliance with applicable law.
Title to Property.
The Company and its Material Subsidiaries have good and marketable title in fee simple to all real property and good and marketable title to all personal property owned by them which is material to the business of the Company and its Material Subsidiaries, in each case free and clear of all liens, encumbrances and defects except such as are described in Schedule 3(u), if attached hereto, or such as would not have a Material Adverse Effect.
Any real property and facilities held under lease by the Company and its Material Subsidiaries are held by them under valid, subsisting and enforceable leases with such exceptions as would not have a Material Adverse Effect.
The Company and each of its Material Subsidiaries are insured by insurers of recognized financial responsibility against such losses and risks and in such amounts as management of the Company believes to be prudent and customary in the businesses in which the Company and its Material Subsidiaries are engaged.
Neither the Company nor any such Material Subsidiary has any reason to believe that it will not be able to renew its existing insurance coverage as and when such coverage expires or to obtain similar coverage from similar insurers as may be necessary to continue its business at a cost that would not have a Material Adverse Effect.
The Company and each of its Material Subsidiaries maintain a system of internal accounting controls sufficient, in the judgment of the Company’s board of directors, to provide reasonable assurance that (i) transactions are executed in accordance with management’s general or specific authorizations, (ii) transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles and to maintain asset accountability, (iii) access to assets is permitted only in accordance with management’s general or specific authorization and (iv) the recorded accountability for assets is compared with the existing assets at reasonable intervals and appropriate action is taken with respect to any differences.
Foreign Corrupt Practices.
Neither the Company, nor any of its Material Subsidiaries, nor any director, officer, agent, employee or other person acting on behalf of the Company or any Material Subsidiary has, in the course of his actions for, or on behalf of, the Company, used any corporate funds for any unlawful contribution, gift, entertainment or other unlawful expenses relating to political activity; made any direct or indirect unlawful payment to any foreign or domestic government official or employee from corporate funds; violated or is in violation of any provision of the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended, or made any bribe, rebate, payoff, influence payment, kickback or other unlawful payment to any foreign or domestic government official or employee.
No Investment Company.
The Company is not, and upon the issuance and sale of the Securities as contemplated by this Agreement will not be an “investment company” required to be registered under the Investment Company Act of 1940 (an “Investment Company”).
The Company is not controlled by an Investment Company.
No Off Balance Sheet Arrangements.
There is no transaction, arrangement, or other relationship between the Company or any of its Material Subsidiaries and an unconsolidated or other off balance sheet entity that is required to be disclosed by the Company in its 1934 Act filings and is not so disclosed or that otherwise could be reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.
No Disqualification Events.
None of the Company, any of its predecessors, any affiliated issuer, any director, executive officer, other officer of the Company participating in the offering hereunder, any beneficial owner of 20% or more of the Company’s outstanding voting equity securities, calculated on the basis of voting power, nor any promoter (as that term is defined in Rule 405 under the 1933 Act) connected with the Company in any capacity at the time of sale (each, an “Issuer Covered Person”) is subject to any of the “Bad Actor” disqualifications described in Rule 506(d)(1)(i) to (viii) under the 1933 Act (a “Disqualification Event”), except for a Disqualification Event covered by Rule 506(d)(2) or (d)(3).
The Company has exercised reasonable care to determine whether any Issuer Covered Person is subject to a Disqualification Event.
The Company has not, and to its knowledge no one acting on its behalf has: (i) taken, directly or indirectly, any action designed to cause or to result, or that could reasonably be expected to cause or result, in the stabilization or manipulation of the price of any security of the Company to facilitate the sale or resale of any of the Securities, (ii) sold, bid for, purchased, or paid any compensation for soliciting purchases of, any of the Securities, or (iii) paid or agreed to pay to any person any compensation for soliciting another to purchase any other securities of the Company.
Bank Holding Company Act.
Neither the Company nor any of its Material Subsidiaries is subject to the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended (the “BHCA”) and to regulation by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the “Federal Reserve”).
Neither the Company nor any of its Material Subsidiaries or affiliates owns or controls, directly or indirectly, five percent (5%) or more of the outstanding shares of any class of voting securities or twenty-five percent (25%) or more of the total equity of a bank or any entity that is subject to the BHCA and to regulation by the Federal Reserve.
Neither the Company nor any of its Material Subsidiaries or affiliates exercises a controlling influence over the management or policies of a bank or any entity that is subject to the BHCA and to regulation by the Federal Reserve.
Illegal or Unauthorized Payments; Political Contributions.
Neither the Company nor any of its Material Subsidiaries nor, to the Company’s knowledge, any of the officers, directors, employees, agents or other representatives of the Company or any of its Material Subsidiaries or any other business entity or enterprise with which the Company or any Material Subsidiary is or has been affiliated or associated, has, directly or indirectly, made or authorized any payment, contribution or gift of money, property, or services, whether or not in contravention of applicable law, (i) as a kickback or bribe to any person or (ii) to any political organization, or the holder of or any aspirant to any elective or appointive public office except for personal political contributions not involving the direct or indirect use of funds of the Company or any of its Material Subsidiaries.
The Company agrees that if the Company breaches any of the representations or warranties set forth in this Section 3 or the Note, then in addition to any other remedies available to the Buyer pursuant to this Agreement, it will be considered an Event of Default under Section 3.4 of the Note.
Best Efforts.
The parties shall use their reasonable best efforts to satisfy timely each of the conditions described in Section 6 and 7 of this Agreement.
Form D; Blue Sky Laws.
The Company agrees to file a Form D with respect to the Securities as required under Regulation D and to provide a copy thereof to the Buyer promptly after such filing.
The Company shall, on or before the Closing Date, take such action as the Company shall reasonably determine is necessary to qualify the Securities for sale to the Buyer at the applicable closing pursuant to this Agreement under applicable securities or “blue sky” laws of the states of the United States (or to obtain an exemption from such qualification), and shall provide evidence of any such action so taken to the Buyer on or prior to the Closing Date.
The Company shall use the proceeds for business development, and not for (i) the repayment of any indebtedness owed to officers, directors or employees of the Company or their affiliates other than accrued compensation or other short-term advances made to the Company, repayment of which is considered to be in the ordinary course of business, (ii) the repayment of any debt issued in corporate finance transactions, (iii) any loan to or investment in any other corporation, partnership, enterprise or other person (except in connection with the Company’s currently existing operations or plans disclosed in SEC documents), (iv) any loan, credit, or advance to any officers, directors, employees, or affiliates of the Company, or (v) in violation or contravention of any applicable law, rule or regulation.
d. Right of Participation and First Refusal.
(i) Other than arrangements that are in place or disclosed in SEC Documents prior to the date of this Agreement, from the date first written above until the Note is extinguished in its entirety, the Company will not, (i) directly or indirectly, offer, sell, grant any option to purchase, or otherwise dispose of (or announce any offer, sale, grant or any option to purchase or other disposition of) any of its or its Material Subsidiaries’ debt, equity or equity equivalent securities, including without limitation any debt, preferred shares or other instrument or security that is, at any time during its life and/or under any circumstances, convertible into, exchangeable, or exercisable for Common Stock (any such offer, sale, grant, disposition or announcement being referred to as a “Subsequent Placement”) or (ii) enter into any definitive agreement with regard to the foregoing, in each case unless the Company shall have first complied with this Section 4(d).
The Company shall complete the Subsequent Placement and issue and sell the Subscription Amount to the Buyer but only upon terms and conditions (including, without limitation, unit prices and interest rates) set forth in the Offer Notice.
To the extent it may lawfully do so, the Company hereby agrees not to insist upon or plead or in any manner whatsoever claim and will resist any and all efforts to be compelled to take the benefit or advantage of, usury laws wherever enacted, now or at any time hereafter in force, in connection with any action or proceeding that may be brought by the Buyer in order to enforce any right or remedy under this Agreement, the Note and any document, agreement or instrument contemplated thereby.
Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary contained in this Agreement, the Note and any document, agreement or instrument contemplated thereby, it is expressly agreed and provided that the total liability of the Company under this Agreement, the Note or any document, agreement or instrument contemplated thereby for payments which under applicable law are in the nature of interest shall not exceed the maximum lawful rate authorized under applicable law (the “Maximum Rate”), and, without limiting the foregoing, in no event shall any rate of interest or default interest, or both of them, when aggregated with any other sums which under applicable law in the nature of interest that the Company may be obligated to pay under this Agreement, the Note and any document, agreement or instrument contemplated thereby exceed such Maximum Rate.
It is agreed that if the maximum contract rate of interest allowed by law applicable to this Agreement, the Note and any document, agreement or instrument contemplated thereby is increased or decreased by statute or any official governmental action subsequent to the date hereof, the new maximum contract rate of interest allowed by law will be the Maximum Rate applicable to this Agreement, the Note and any document, agreement or instrument contemplated thereby from the effective date thereof forward, unless such application is precluded by applicable law.
If under any circumstances whatsoever, interest in excess of the Maximum Rate is paid by the Company to the Buyer with respect to indebtedness evidenced by this Agreement, the Note and any document, agreement or instrument contemplated thereby, such excess shall be applied by the Buyer to the unpaid principal balance of any such indebtedness or be refunded to the Company, the manner of handling such excess to be at the Buyer’s election.
Commencing as of the date first above written, and until the earlier of payment of the Note in full or full conversion of the Note, the Company shall not, directly or indirectly, without the Buyer’s prior written consent, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld: (a) change the nature of its business; (b) sell, divest, acquire, change the structure of any material assets other than in the ordinary course of business or as previously disclosed in the SEC Documents as being contemplated as of the date of this Agreement; or (c) consummate any Variable Rate Transaction (as defined herein).
The Company will, so long as the Buyer owns any of the Securities, maintain the listing and trading of its Common Stock on the Principal Market or any equivalent replacement exchange or electronic quotation system (including but not limited to the Pink Sheets electronic quotation system) and will comply in all respects with the Company’s reporting, filing and other obligations under the bylaws or rules of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (“FINRA”) and such exchanges, as applicable.
The Company will, until the date that is six (6) months after the date on which the Note is repaid in its entirety, maintain its corporate existence and shall not sell all or substantially all of the Company’s assets, except in the event of a merger or consolidation or sale of all or substantially all of the Company’s assets, where the surviving or successor entity in such transaction (i) assumes the Company’s obligations hereunder and under the agreements and instruments entered into in connection herewith and (ii) is a publicly traded corporation whose Common Stock is listed for trading or quotation on the Principal Market (including but not limited to the OTC Pink Marketplace electronic quotation system), any tier of the NASDAQ Stock Market, the New York Stock Exchange or the NYSE American.
No Integration.
The Company shall not make any offers or sales of any security (other than the Securities) under circumstances that would require registration of the Securities being offered or sold hereunder under the 1933 Act or cause the offering of the Securities to be integrated with any other offering of securities by the Company for the purpose of any stockholder approval provision applicable to the Company or its securities.
Breach of Covenants.
The Company acknowledges and agrees that if the Company breaches any of the covenants set forth in this Section 4, in addition to any other remedies available to the Buyer pursuant to this Agreement, it will be considered an Event of Default under Section 3.3 of the Note.
Until the date that is six (6) months after the date on which the Note is repaid in its entirety, the Company shall comply with the reporting requirements of the 1934 Act; and the Company shall continue to be subject to the reporting requirements of the 1934 Act.
Until the Note is fully repaid or fully converted, the Buyer shall not effect any “short sale” (as such term is defined in Rule 200 of Regulation SHO of the 1934 Act) of the Common Stock which establishes a net short position with respect to the Common Stock.
The Company hereby agrees that it may never take the position that it is a “shell company” in connection with its obligations under this Agreement or otherwise.
Registration Rights.
The Company has granted the Buyer the piggy-back registration rights set forth on Registration Rights Agreement that is Exhibit B hereto.
p. Most Favored Nation.
So long as the Note is outstanding, upon any issuance by the Company of any security, or amendment to a security that was originally issued before the date of this Agreement, with any term that the Buyer reasonably believes is more favorable to the holder of such security or with a term in favor of the holder of such security that the Buyer reasonably believes was not similarly provided to the Buyer in this Agreement or the Note, then (i) the Company shall notify the Buyer of such additional or more favorable term within one (1) business day of the issuance and/or amendment (as applicable) of the respective security, and (ii) such term, at Buyer’s option, shall become a part of the transaction documents with the Buyer (regardless of whether the Borrower complied with the notification provision of this Section 4(p)).
The types of terms contained in another security that may be more favorable to the holder of such security include, but are not limited to, terms addressing prepayment rate, interest rates, and original issue discounts.
Subsequent Variable Rate Transactions.
From the date hereof until such time as the Note is fully converted or fully repaid, the Company shall be prohibited from effecting or entering into an agreement involving a Variable Rate Transaction.
“Variable Rate Transaction” means a transaction in which the Company (i) issues or sells any debt or equity securities that are convertible into, exchangeable or exercisable for, or include the right to receive, additional shares of Common Stock either (A) at a conversion price, exercise price or exchange rate or other price that is based upon, and/or varies with, the trading prices of or quotations for the shares of Common Stock at any time after the initial issuance of such debt or equity securities or (B) with a conversion, exercise or exchange price that is subject to being reset at some future date after the initial issuance of such debt or equity security or upon the occurrence of specified or contingent events directly or indirectly related to the business of the Company or the market for the Common Stock or (ii) enters into any agreement, including, but not limited to, an equity line of credit, whereby the Company may issue securities at a future determined price, other than the Equity Line previously disclosed in the SEC Documents.
The Buyer shall be entitled to obtain injunctive relief against the Company to preclude any such issuance, which remedy shall be in addition to any right to collect damages.
The Company shall include, for purposes of the Buyer’s resale thereunder and until such time as the Buyer no longer beneficially owns any of the Conversion Shares and Warrant Shares, all of the Conversion Shares and Warrant Shares (ignoring beneficial ownership limitations therein) on: (i) the next Regulation A offering statement that the Company files with the SEC, (ii) each subsequent Regulation A offering statement that the Company files with the SEC, and (iii) any amendment to any Regulation A offering statement previously filed but not qualified as of the date of this Agreement that the Company files with the SEC.
The Buyer has the right to request that its Conversion Shares and Warrant Shares not be included in any Regulation A offering statement or amendment thereto.
The Company covenants and agrees that neither it, nor any other person acting on its behalf will provide the Buyer or its agents or counsel with any information that constitutes, or the Company reasonably believes constitutes, material non-public information, unless prior thereto the Buyer shall have consented to the receipt of such information and agreed with the Company to keep such information confidential.
The Company understands and confirms that the Buyer shall be relying on the foregoing covenant in effecting transactions in securities of the Company.
To the extent that any notice provided, information provided, or any other communications made by the Company, to the Buyer, constitutes or contains material non-public information regarding the Company or any Material Subsidiaries, the Company shall simultaneously file such notice or other material information with the SEC pursuant to a Current Report on Form 8-K.
The Company shall have or purchase director and officer insurance on behalf of the Company’s (including its Material Subsidiaries) officers and directors for a period of 12 months with respect to any losses, claims, damages, liabilities, costs and expense in connection with any actual or threatened claim or proceeding that is based on, or arises out of their status as a director or officer of the Company.
Prior to registration of the Conversion Shares and Warrant Shares under the 1933 Act or the date on which the Conversion Shares and Warrant Shares may be sold pursuant to Rule 144, Rule 144A, Regulation S, or other applicable exemption without any restriction as to the number of Securities as of a particular date that can then be immediately sold, all such certificates shall bear the restrictive legend specified in Section 2(g) of this Agreement.
The Company warrants that: (i) no instruction other than the Irrevocable Transfer Agent Instructions referred to in this Section 5 will be given by the Company to its transfer agent and that the Securities shall otherwise be freely transferable on the books and records of the Company as and to the extent provided in this Agreement and the Note; (ii) it will not direct its transfer agent not to transfer or delay, impair, and/or hinder its transfer agent in transferring (or issuing)(electronically or in certificated form) any certificate for Securities to be issued to the Buyer upon conversion of or otherwise pursuant to the Note as and when required by the Note and this Agreement; (iii) it will not fail to remove (or directs its transfer agent not to remove or impairs, delays, and/or hinders its transfer agent from removing) any restrictive legend (or to withdraw any stop transfer instructions in respect thereof) on any certificate for any Securities issued to the Buyer upon conversion of or otherwise pursuant to the Note as and when required by the Note and this Agreement and (iv) it will provide any required corporate resolutions and issuance approvals to its transfer agent within 6 hours of each conversion of the Note.
Nothing in this Section shall affect in any way the Buyer’s obligations and agreement set forth in Section 2(g) hereof to comply with all applicable prospectus delivery requirements, if any, upon re-sale of the Securities.
The Company acknowledges that a breach by it of its obligations hereunder will cause irreparable harm to the Buyer, by vitiating the intent and purpose of the transactions contemplated hereby.
Accordingly, the Company acknowledges that the remedy at law for a breach of its obligations under this Section 5 may be inadequate and agrees, in the event of a breach or threatened breach by the Company of the provisions of this Section, that the Buyer shall be entitled, in addition to all other available remedies, to an injunction restraining any breach and requiring immediate transfer, without the necessity of showing economic loss and without any bond or other security being required.
Conditions to the Company’s Obligation to Sell.
The obligation of the Company hereunder to issue and sell the Note to the Buyer at the Closing is subject to the satisfaction, at or before the Closing Date, of each of the following conditions thereto, provided that these conditions are for the Company’s sole benefit and may be waived by the Company at any time in its sole discretion: a.
 c. The representations and warranties of the Buyer shall be true and correct in all material respects as of the date when made and as of the Closing Date, as though made at that time (except for representations and warranties that speak as of a specific date), and the Buyer shall have performed, satisfied and complied in all material respects with the covenants, agreements and conditions required by this Agreement to be performed, satisfied or complied with by the Buyer at or prior to the Closing Date.
d. No litigation, statute, rule, regulation, executive order, decree, ruling or injunction shall have been enacted, entered, promulgated or endorsed by or in any court or governmental authority of competent jurisdiction or any self-regulatory organization having authority over the matters contemplated hereby which prohibits the consummation of any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.
e. The representations and warranties of the Company shall be true and correct in all material respects as of the date when made and as of Closing Date, as though made at such time (except for representations and warranties that speak as of a specific date) and the Company shall have performed, satisfied and complied in all material respects with the covenants, agreements and conditions required by this Agreement to be performed, satisfied or complied with by the Company at or prior to the Closing Date.
f. No litigation, statute, rule, regulation, executive order, decree, ruling or injunction shall have been enacted, entered, promulgated or endorsed by or in any court or governmental authority of competent jurisdiction or any self-regulatory organization having authority over the matters contemplated hereby which prohibits the consummation of any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.
g. No event shall have occurred which could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on the Company including but not limited to a change in the 1934 Act reporting status of the Company or the failure of the Company to be timely in its 1934 Act reporting obligations.
h. Trading in the Common Stock on the Principal Market shall not have been suspended by the SEC, FINRA or the Principal Market.
Governing Law; Miscellaneous.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware without regard to principles of conflicts of laws.
The parties to this Agreement hereby irrevocably waive any objection to jurisdiction and venue of any action instituted hereunder and shall not assert any defense based on lack of jurisdiction or venue or based upon forum non conveniens.
EACH PARTY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE, AND AGREES NOT TO REQUEST, A JURY TRIAL FOR THE ADJUDICATION OF ANY DISPUTE HEREUNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH OR ARISING OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY.
The prevailing party shall be entitled to recover from the other party its reasonable attorney’s fees and costs.
Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any other manner permitted by law.
Counterparts.
This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original but all of which shall constitute one and the same agreement and shall become effective when counterparts have been signed by each party and delivered to the other party.
A facsimile or pdf signature shall be considered due execution and shall be binding upon the signatory thereto with the same force and effect as if the signature were an original, not a facsimile or .pdf signature.
This Agreement shall be deemed to be jointly drafted by the Company and the Buyer and shall not be construed against any person as the drafter hereof.
The headings of this Agreement are for convenience of reference only and shall not form part of, or affect the interpretation of, this Agreement.
In the event that any provision of this Agreement, the Note, or any other agreement or instrument delivered in connection herewith is invalid or unenforceable under any applicable statute or rule of law, then such provision shall be deemed inoperative to the extent that it may conflict therewith and shall be deemed modified to conform with such statute or rule of law.
This Agreement, the Note, and the instruments referenced herein contain the entire understanding of the parties with respect to the matters covered herein and therein and, except as specifically set forth herein or therein, neither the Company nor the Buyer makes any representation, warranty, covenant or undertaking with respect to such matters.
No provision of this Agreement or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby may be waived or amended other than by an instrument in writing signed by the Buyer.
This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties and their successors and assigns.
Neither the Company nor the Buyer shall assign this Agreement or any rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of the other.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, subject to Section 2(f), the Buyer may assign its rights hereunder to any person that purchases Securities in a private transaction from the Buyer or to any of its “affiliates,” as that term is defined under the 1934 Act, without the consent of the Company.
This Agreement is intended for the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective permitted successors and assigns, and is not for the benefit of, nor may any provision hereof be enforced by, any other person.
The representations and warranties of the Company and the Buyer and the agreements and covenants set forth in this Agreement shall survive the closing hereunder notwithstanding any due diligence investigation conducted by or on behalf of the Buyer.
The Company agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the Buyer and all its officers, directors, employees and agents for loss or damage arising as a result of or related to any breach or alleged breach by the Company of any of its representations, warranties and covenants set forth in this Agreement or any of its covenants and obligations under this Agreement, including advancement of expenses as they are incurred.
The Company, and the Buyer shall have the right to review a reasonable period of time before issuance of any press releases, SEC, Principal Market or FINRA filings, or any other public statements with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby; provided, however, that the Company shall be entitled, without the prior approval of the Buyer, to make any press release or SEC, Principal Market (or other applicable trading market) or FINRA filings with respect to such transactions as is required by applicable law and regulations (although the Buyer shall be consulted by the Company in connection with any such press release prior to its release and shall be provided with a copy thereof and be given an opportunity to comment thereon).
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company shall have no obligation to provide material non-public information in advance of issuance or filings.
l. No Strict Construction.
The language used in this Agreement will be deemed to be the language chosen by the parties to express their mutual intent, and no rules of strict construction will be applied against any party.
 m. Indemnification.
In consideration of the Buyer’s execution and delivery of this Agreement and acquiring the Securities hereunder, and in addition to all of the Company’s other obligations under this Agreement or the Note, the Company shall defend, protect, indemnify and hold harmless the Buyer and its stockholders, partners, members, officers, directors, employees and direct or indirect investors and any of the foregoing persons’ agents or other representatives (including, without limitation, those retained in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement) (collectively, the “Indemnitees”) from and against any and all actions, causes of action, suits, claims, losses, costs, penalties, fees, liabilities and damages, and expenses in connection therewith (irrespective of whether any such Indemnitee is a party to the action for which indemnification hereunder is sought), and including reasonable attorneys’ fees and disbursements (the “Indemnified Liabilities”), incurred by any Indemnitee as a result of, or arising out of, or relating to (a) any misrepresentation or breach of any representation or warranty made by the Company in this Agreement, the Note or any other agreement, certificate, instrument or document contemplated hereby or thereby, (b) any breach of any covenant, agreement or obligation of the Company contained in this Agreement, the Note or any other agreement, certificate, instrument or document contemplated hereby or thereby or (c) any cause of action, suit or claim brought or made against such Indemnitee by a third party (including for these purposes a derivative action brought on behalf of the Company) and arising out of or resulting from (i) the execution, delivery, performance or enforcement of this Agreement, the Note or any other agreement, certificate, instrument or document contemplated hereby or thereby, (ii) any transaction financed or to be financed in whole or in part, directly or indirectly, with the proceeds of the issuance of the Securities, or (iii) the status of the Buyer or holder of the Securities as an investor in the Company pursuant to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.
To the extent that the foregoing undertaking by the Company may be unenforceable for any reason, the Company shall make the maximum contribution to the payment and satisfaction of each of the Indemnified Liabilities that is permissible under applicable law.
The Company acknowledges that a breach by it of its obligations hereunder will cause irreparable harm to the Buyer by vitiating the intent and purpose of the transaction contemplated hereby.
Accordingly, the Company acknowledges that the remedy at law for a breach of its obligations under this Agreement, the Note, the Warrant, or any other agreement, certificate, instrument or document contemplated hereby or thereby will be inadequate and agrees, in the event of a breach or threatened breach by the Company of the provisions of this Agreement, the Note, the Warrant, or any other agreement, certificate, instrument or document contemplated hereby or thereby, that the Buyer shall be entitled, in addition to all other available remedies at law or in equity, and in addition to the penalties assessable herein, to an injunction or injunctions restraining, preventing or curing any breach of this Agreement, the Note, the Warrant, or any other agreement, certificate, instrument or document contemplated hereby or thereby, and to enforce specifically the terms and provisions hereof and thereof, without the necessity of showing economic loss and without any bond or other security being required.
No failure or delay on the part of the Buyer in the exercise of any power, right or privilege hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such power, right or privilege preclude other or further exercise thereof or of any other right, power or privileges.
All rights and remedies of the Buyer existing hereunder are cumulative to, and not exclusive of, any rights or remedies otherwise available.
No failure or delay on the part of the Company in the exercise of any power, right or privilege hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such power, right or privilege preclude other or further exercise thereof or of any other right, power or privileges.
All rights and remedies of the Company existing hereunder are cumulative to, and not exclusive of, any rights or remedies otherwise available.
[Signature Page Follows]  IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned Buyer and the Company have caused this Agreement to be duly executed as of the date first above written.
The undersigned subsidiary’s liability under this guaranty shall be unlimited, open, and continuous for so long as this guaranty remains in force.
EXHIBIT A FORM OF NOTE [attached hereto]
 NEITHER THE ISSUANCE AND SALE OF THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE NOR THE SECURITIES INTO WHICH THESE SECURITIES ARE CONVERTIBLE HAVE BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS.
THE SECURITIES MAY NOT BE OFFERED FOR SALE, SOLD, TRANSFERRED OR ASSIGNED (I) IN THE ABSENCE OF (A) AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT FOR THE SECURITIES UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR (B) AN OPINION OF COUNSEL (WHICH MAY BE THE LEGAL COUNSEL OPINION (AS DEFINED IN THE PURCHASE AGREEMENT)), IN A GENERALLY ACCEPTABLE FORM, THAT REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED UNDER SAID ACT OR (II) UNLESS (A) SOLD PURSUANT TO RULE 144 OR OTHER APPLICABLE EXEMPTION UNDER SAID ACT AND (B) AN OPINION OF COUNSEL IS PROVIDED (WHICH COUNSEL SHALL BE SELECTED BY THE HOLDER), IN A GENERALLY ACCEPTABLE FORM, THAT SUCH SALE IS PERMITTED UNDER RULE 144 OR OTHER APPLICABLE EXEMPTION UNDER SAID ACT.
This Note may not be prepaid or repaid in whole or in part except as otherwise explicitly set forth herein.
Whenever any amount expressed to be due by the terms of this Note is due on any day which is not a business day, the same shall instead be due on the next succeeding day which is a business day and, in the case of any interest payment date which is not the date on which this Note is paid in full, the extension of the due date thereof shall not be taken into account for purposes of determining the amount of interest due on such date.
Each capitalized term used herein, and not otherwise defined, shall have the meaning ascribed thereto in that certain Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of the Issue Date, pursuant to which this Note was originally issued (the “Purchase Agreement”).
As used in this Note, the term “business day” shall mean any day other than a Saturday, Sunday or a day on which commercial banks in the city of New York, New York are authorized or required by law or executive order to remain closed.
As used herein, the term “Trading Day” means any day that shares of Common Stock are listed for trading or quotation on the Principal Market (as defined in the Purchase Agreement), any tier of the OTC Markets, NASDAQ Stock Market, the New York Stock Exchange, or the NYSE American.
 This Note is free from all taxes, liens, claims and encumbrances with respect to the issue thereof and shall not be subject to preemptive rights or other similar rights of shareholders of the Borrower and will not impose personal liability upon the holder thereof.
The following terms shall also apply to this Note: ARTICLE I.
CONVERSION RIGHTS 1.1 Conversion Right.
The Holder shall have the right, at any time on or following the Issue Date, to convert all or any portion of the then outstanding and unpaid Principal Amount and interest (including any Default Interest) into fully paid and non-assessable shares of Common Stock, as such Common Stock exists on the Issue Date, or any shares of capital stock or other securities of the Borrower into which such Common Stock shall hereafter be changed or reclassified, at the Conversion Price (as defined below) determined as provided herein (a “Conversion”); provided, however, that notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the Holder shall not have the right to convert any portion of this Note, pursuant to Section 1 or otherwise, to the extent that after giving effect to such issuance after conversion as set forth on the applicable Notice of Conversion, the Holder (together with the Holder’s affiliates (the “Affiliates”), and any other Persons (as defined below) acting as a group together with the Holder or any of the Holder’s Affiliates (such Persons, “Attribution Parties”)), would beneficially own in excess of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation (as defined below).
For purposes of the foregoing sentence, the number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by the Holder and Attribution Parties shall, subject to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, include the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of this Note with respect to which such determination is being made, but shall exclude the number of shares of Common Stock which would be issuable upon (i) conversion of the remaining, nonconverted portion of this Note beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties and (ii) exercise or conversion of the unexercised or nonconverted portion of any other securities of the Company subject to a limitation on conversion or exercise analogous to the limitation contained herein beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties.
Except as set forth in the preceding sentence, for purposes of this Section 1.1, beneficial ownership shall be calculated in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, it being acknowledged by the Holder that the Holder is solely responsible for any schedules required to be filed in accordance therewith.
In addition, a determination as to any group status as contemplated above shall be determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.
For purposes of this Section 1.1, in determining the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock, a Holder may rely on the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock as reflected in (A) the Company’s most recent periodic or annual report filed with the Commission, as the case may be, (B) a more recent public announcement by the Company or (C) a more recent written notice by the Company or the Transfer Agent setting forth the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding.
“Trading Day” shall mean any day on which the Common Stock is tradable for any period on the Principal Market.
In any case, the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock shall be determined after giving effect to the conversion or exercise of securities of the Company, including this Note, by the Holder or its Affiliates or Attribution Parties since the date as of which such number of outstanding shares of Common Stock was reported.
The “Beneficial Ownership Limitation” shall be 4.99% of the number of shares of the Common Stock outstanding at the time of the respective calculation hereunder.
“Person” and “Persons” means an individual, a limited liability company, a partnership, a joint venture, a corporation, a trust, an unincorporated organization, any other entity and any governmental entity or any department or agency thereof.
The limitations contained in this paragraph shall apply to a successor holder of this Note.
The term “Conversion Amount” means, with respect to any conversion of this Note, the sum of (1) the Principal Amount of this Note to be converted in such conversion plus (2) at the Holder’s option, accrued and unpaid interest, if any, on such Principal Amount at the Interest Rate to the Conversion Date, plus (3) at the Holder’s option, Default Interest, if any, on the amounts referred to in the immediately preceding clauses (1) and/or (2).
The Conversion Price is subject to equitable adjustments for stock splits (including reverse stock splits and forward stock splits), stock dividends or rights offerings by the Borrower relating to the Borrower’s securities or the securities of any subsidiary of the Borrower, combinations, recapitalization, reclassifications, extraordinary distributions and similar events.
1.3 Authorized and Reserved Shares.
The Borrower represents that upon issuance, the Conversion Shares will be duly and validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable.
If, at any time the Borrower does not maintain the Reserved Amount it will be considered an Event of Default under this Note.
1.4 Method of Conversion.
(b) Surrender of Note Upon Conversion.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth herein, upon conversion of this Note in accordance with the terms hereof, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Note to the Borrower unless the entire unpaid Principal Amount is so converted.
In the event of any dispute or discrepancy, such records of the Borrower shall, prima facie, be controlling and determinative in the absence of manifest error.
The Holder and any assignee, by acceptance of this Note, acknowledge and agree that, by reason of the provisions of this paragraph, following conversion of a portion of this Note, the unpaid and unconverted Principal Amount of this Note represented by this Note may be less than the amount stated on the face hereof.
The Borrower shall not be required to pay any tax which may be payable in respect of any transfer involved in the issue and delivery of shares of Common Stock or other securities or property on conversion of this Note in a name other than that of the Holder (or in street name), and the Borrower shall not be required to issue or deliver any such shares or other securities or property unless and until the person or persons (other than the Holder or the custodian in whose street name such shares are to be held for the Holder’s account) requesting the issuance thereof shall have paid to the Borrower the amount of any such tax or shall have established to the satisfaction of the Borrower that such tax has been paid.
The Conversion Shares issuable upon conversion of this Note may not be sold or transferred unless (i) such shares are sold pursuant to an effective registration statement under the 1933 Act or are qualified for sale under Regulation A, or (ii) the Borrower or its transfer agent shall have been furnished with an opinion of counsel (which opinion shall be the Legal Counsel Opinion (as defined in the Purchase Agreement)) to the effect that the shares to be sold or transferred may be sold or transferred pursuant to an exemption from such registration or (iii) such shares are sold or transferred pursuant to Rule 144, Rule 144A, Regulation S, or other applicable exemption, or (iv) such shares are transferred to an “affiliate” (as defined in Rule 144) of the Borrower who agrees to sell or otherwise transfer the shares only in accordance with this Section 1.5 and who is an Accredited Investor (as defined in the Purchase Agreement).
Except as otherwise provided in the Purchase Agreement (and subject to the removal provisions set forth below), until such time as the Conversion Shares have been registered under the 1933 Act or otherwise may be sold pursuant to Rule 144, Rule 144A, Regulation S, or other applicable exemption without any restriction as to the number of securities as of a particular date that can then be immediately sold, each certificate for the Conversion Shares that has not been so included in an effective registration statement or that has not been sold pursuant to an effective registration statement or an exemption that permits removal of the legend, shall bear a legend substantially in the following form, as appropriate: “NEITHER THE ISSUANCE AND SALE OF THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE NOR THE SECURITIES INTO WHICH THESE SECURITIES MAY BE CONVERTIBLE OR EXERCISABLE HAVE BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS.
THE SECURITIES MAY NOT BE OFFERED FOR SALE, SOLD, TRANSFERRED OR ASSIGNED (I) IN THE ABSENCE OF (A) AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT FOR THE SECURITIES UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR (B) AN OPINION OF COUNSEL (WHICH COUNSEL SHALL BE SELECTED BY THE HOLDER, IN A GENERALLY ACCEPTABLE FORM, THAT REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED UNDER SAID ACT OR (II) UNLESS (A) SOLD PURSUANT TO RULE 144 OR OTHER APPLICABLE EXEMPTION UNDER SAID ACT AND (B) AN OPINION OF COUNSEL IS PROVIDED (WHICH COUNSEL SHALL BE SELECTED BY THE HOLDER), IN A GENERALLY ACCEPTABLE FORM, THAT SUCH SALE IS PERMITTED UNDER RULE 144 OR OTHER APPLICABLE EXEMPTION UNDER SAID ACT.
The Company shall be responsible for the fees of its transfer agent and all DTC fees associated with any such issuance.
In the event that the Company does not accept the opinion of counsel provided by the Holder with respect to the transfer of Conversion Shares pursuant to an exemption from registration, such as Rule 144, Rule 144A, Regulation S, or other applicable exemption, at the Deadline, notwithstanding that the conditions of Rule 144, Rule 144A, Regulation S, or other applicable exemption, as applicable, have been met, it will be considered an Event of Default under this Note.
At the option of the Holder, the sale, conveyance or disposition of all or substantially all of the assets of the Borrower, or the consolidation, merger or other business combination of the Borrower with or into any other Person (as defined below) or Persons when the Borrower is not the survivor shall either: (i) be deemed to be an acceleration event pursuant to which the Borrower shall be required to pay to the Holder upon the consummation of and as a condition to such transaction an amount equal to the Principal Amount then outstanding plus accrued interest (including any Default Interest) multiplied by 125% , or (ii) be treated pursuant to Section 1.6(b) hereof.
“Person” shall mean any individual, corporation, limited liability company, partnership, association, trust or other entity or organization.
If, at any time when this Note is issued and outstanding and prior to conversion of all of this Note, there shall be any merger, consolidation, exchange of shares, recapitalization, reorganization, or other similar event, as a result of which shares of Common Stock of the Borrower shall be changed into the same or a different number of shares of another class or classes of stock or securities of the Borrower or another entity, or in case of any sale or conveyance of all or substantially all of the assets of the Borrower other than in connection with a plan of complete liquidation of the Borrower, then the Holder of this Note shall thereafter have the right to receive upon conversion of this Note, upon the basis and upon the terms and conditions specified herein and in lieu of the shares of Common Stock immediately theretofore issuable upon conversion, such stock, securities or assets which the Holder would have been entitled to receive in such transaction had this Note been converted in full immediately prior to such transaction (without regard to any limitations on conversion set forth herein), and in any such case appropriate provisions shall be made with respect to the rights and interests of the Holder of this Note to the end that the provisions hereof (including, without limitation, provisions for adjustment of the Conversion Price and of the number of shares issuable upon conversion of the Note) shall thereafter be applicable, as nearly as may be practicable in relation to any securities or assets thereafter deliverable upon the conversion hereof.
The above provisions shall similarly apply to successive consolidations, mergers, sales, transfers or share exchanges.
If the Borrower shall declare or make any distribution of its assets (or rights to acquire its assets) to holders of Common Stock as a dividend, stock repurchase, by way of return of capital or otherwise (including any dividend or distribution to the Borrower’s shareholders in cash or shares (or rights to acquire shares) of capital stock of a subsidiary (i.e., a spin-off)) (a “Distribution”), then the Holder of this Note shall be entitled, upon any conversion of this Note after the date of record for determining shareholders entitled to such Distribution, to receive the amount of such assets which would have been payable to the Holder with respect to the shares of Common Stock issuable upon such conversion had such Holder been the holder of such shares of Common Stock on the record date for the determination of shareholders entitled to such Distribution.
If, at any time when all or any portion of this Note is issued and outstanding, the Borrower issues any convertible securities or rights to purchase stock, warrants, securities or other property (the “Purchase Rights”) pro rata to the record holders of any class of Common Stock, then the Holder of this Note will be entitled to acquire, upon the terms applicable to such Purchase Rights, the aggregate Purchase Rights which such Holder could have acquired if such Holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete conversion of this Note (without regard to any limitations on conversion contained herein) immediately before the date on which a record is taken for the grant, issuance or sale of such Purchase Rights or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the record holders of Common Stock are to be determined for the grant, issue or sale of such Purchase Rights.
Such adjustment shall be made whenever such Common Stock or other securities are issued.
In the event of an issuance of securities involving multiple tranches or closings, any adjustment pursuant to this Section 1.6(e) shall be calculated as if all such securities were issued at the initial closing.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, no adjustment will be made under this Section 1.6(e) in respect of an Exempt Issuance.
An “Exempt Issuance” shall mean the issuance of (a) shares of Common Stock or other securities to officers or directors of the Borrower pursuant to any stock or option or similar equity incentive plan duly adopted for such purpose by a majority of the non-employee members of the Borrower’s Board of Directors or a majority of the members of a committee of non-employee directors (“Plan”) established for such purpose in a manner which is consistent with the Borrower’s prior business practices, including, but not limited to granting of such as bonuses; (b) securities pursuant to a merger, consolidation, acquisition or similar business combination approved by a majority of the disinterested directors of the Borrower, provided that any such issuance shall only be to a Person (or to the equity holders of a Person) which is, itself or through its subsidiaries, an operating company or an owner of an asset in a business synergistic with the business of the Borrower and shall provide to the Borrower additional benefits in addition to, or in lieu of, an investment of funds, but shall not include a transaction in which the Borrower is issuing securities primarily for the purpose of raising capital or to an entity whose primary business is investing in securities; (c) securities issued pursuant to any equipment loan or leasing arrangement, real property leasing arrangement or debt financing from a bank or similar financial institution approved by a majority of the disinterested directors of the Borrower; (d) securities issued with respect to which the Holder waives its rights in writing under this Section 1.6(e); and/or (e) the Borrower’s issuance of prepaid common stock purchase warrants so long as (i) the exercise price of such warrant is $0.0011 or greater per share (and not subject to anti-dilution adjustments) and (ii) the prepaid purchase price to be paid by the recipient of the prepaid common stock purchase warrants is $0.02 or greater per share (and not subject to reduction for any reason).
1.8 Status as Shareholder.
In all cases, the Holder shall retain all of its rights and remedies for the Borrower’s failure to convert this Note.
RANKING AND CERTAIN COVENANTS 2.1 Ranking and Security.
The obligations of the Borrower under this Note shall rank pari passu with respect to any and all unsecured Indebtedness of the Borrower.
2.2 Other Indebtedness.
So long as the Borrower shall have any obligation under this Note, the Borrower shall not (directly or indirectly through any Subsidiary or affiliate) incur or suffer to exist or guarantee any unsecured Indebtedness that is senior to (in priority of payment and performance) the Borrower’s obligations hereunder unless the proceeds of such Indebtedness are used to pay off all amounts owed under this Note.
As used in this Section 2.2, the term “Borrower” means the Borrower and any Subsidiary of the Borrower.
As used herein, the term “Indebtedness” means (a) all indebtedness of the Borrower for borrowed money or for the deferred purchase price of property or services, including any type of letters of credit, but not including deferred purchase price obligations in place as of the Issue Date and as disclosed in the SEC Documents (as defined in the Purchase Agreement), or obligations to trade creditors incurred in the ordinary course of business, (b) all obligations of the Borrower evidenced by notes, bonds, debentures or other similar instruments, (c) purchase money indebtedness hereafter incurred by the Borrower to finance the purchase of fixed or capital assets, including all capital lease obligations of the Borrower which do not exceed the purchase price of the assets funded, (d) all guarantee obligations of the Borrower in respect of obligations of the kind referred to in clauses (a) through (c) above that the Borrower would not be permitted to incur or enter into, and (e) all obligations of the kind referred to in clauses (a) through (d) above that the Borrower is not permitted to incur or enter into that are secured and/or unsecured by (or for which the holder of such obligation has an existing right, contingent or otherwise, to be secured and/or unsecured by) any lien or encumbrance on property (including accounts and contract rights) owned by the Borrower, whether or not the Borrower has assumed or become liable for the payment of such obligation.
So long as the Borrower shall have any obligation under this Note, the Borrower shall not without the Holder’s written consent (a) pay, declare or set apart for such payment, any dividend or other distribution (whether in cash, property or other securities) on shares of capital stock other than dividends on shares of Common Stock solely in the form of additional shares of Common Stock or (b) directly or indirectly or through any subsidiary make any other payment or distribution in respect of its capital stock except for distributions pursuant to any shareholders’ rights plan which is approved by a majority of the Borrower’s disinterested directors.
So long as the Borrower shall have any obligation under this Note, the Borrower shall not without the Holder’s written consent redeem, repurchase or otherwise acquire (whether for cash or in exchange for property or other securities or otherwise) in any one transaction or series of related transactions any shares of capital stock of the Borrower or any warrants, rights or options to purchase or acquire any such shares.
So long as the Borrower shall have any obligation under this Note, the Borrower shall not, without the Holder’s written consent, sell, lease or otherwise dispose of any significant portion of its assets outside the ordinary course of business.
Any consent to the disposition of any assets may be conditioned on a specified use of the proceeds of disposition.
Except as disclosed in the SEC Documents prior to the Issue Date, so long as the Borrower shall have any obligation under this Note, the Borrower shall not, without the Holder’s written consent, repay any affiliate (as defined in Rule 144) of the Borrower in connection with any indebtedness or accrued amounts owed to any such party outside the ordinary course of business.2.7 Section 3(a)(9) or 3(a)(10) Transaction.
So long as this Note is outstanding, the Borrower shall not enter into any transaction or arrangement structured in accordance with, based upon, or related or pursuant to, in whole or in part, either Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act (a “3(a)(9) Transaction”) or Section 3(a)(10) of the Securities Act (a “3(a)(10) Transaction”).
Notwithstanding the forgoing, transactions contemplated by subsection (a) of the definition of “Exempt Issuance” in Section 1.6(e) that are considered Section 3(a)(9) or 3(a)(10) Transactions will not cause a liquidated damages charge under this Section 2.7.
So long as the Borrower shall have any obligation under this Note, the Borrower shall not, without the Holder’s written consent, (a) change the nature of its business; (b) sell, divest, change the structure of any material assets other than in the ordinary course of business; or (c) enter into a Variable Rate Transaction or merchant cash advance transactions.
In addition, so long as the Borrower shall have any obligation under this Note, the Borrower shall maintain and preserve, and cause each of its Subsidiaries to maintain and preserve, its existence, rights and privileges, and become or remain, and cause each of its Subsidiaries (other than dormant Subsidiaries that have no or minimum assets) to become or remain, duly qualified and in good standing in each jurisdiction in which the character of the properties owned or leased by it or in which the transaction of its business makes such qualification necessary.
The Company hereby covenants and agrees that the Company will not, by amendment of its Certificate or Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws, or through any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, scheme of arrangement, dissolution, issue or sale of securities, or any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms of this Note, and will at all times in good faith carry out all the provisions of this Note and take all action as may be required to protect the rights of the Holder.
EVENTS OF DEFAULT It shall be considered an event of default if any of the following events listed in this Article III (each, an “Event of Default”) shall occur: 3.1 Failure to Pay Principal or Interest.
It is an obligation of the Borrower to remain current in its obligations to its transfer agent.
It shall be an Event of Default of this Note, if a conversion of this Note is delayed, hindered or frustrated due to a balance owed by the Borrower to its transfer agent.
If at the option of the Holder, the Holder advances any funds to the Borrower’s transfer agent in order to process a conversion, such advanced funds shall be added to the principal balance of the Note.
The Borrower or any subsidiary of the Borrower shall make an assignment for the benefit of creditors or apply for or consent to the appointment of a receiver or trustee for it or for a substantial part of its property or business, or such a receiver or trustee shall otherwise be appointed.
3.6 Judgments.
Bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or liquidation proceedings or other proceedings, voluntary or involuntary, for relief under any bankruptcy law or any law for the relief of debtors shall be instituted by or against the Borrower or any subsidiary of the Borrower.
At any time after the Issue Date, the Borrower shall fail to comply with the reporting requirements of the 1934 Act and/or the Borrower shall cease to be subject to the reporting requirements of the 1934 Act.
Any dissolution, liquidation, or winding up of Borrower or any substantial portion of its business.
Any cessation of operations by Borrower or Borrower admits it is otherwise generally unable to pay its debts as such debts become due, provided, however, that any disclosure of the Borrower’s ability to continue as a “going concern” shall not be an admission that the Borrower cannot pay its debts as they become due.
The restatement of any financial statements filed by the Borrower with the SEC for any date or period from two years prior to the Issue Date of this Note and until this Note is no longer outstanding, if the result of such restatement would, by comparison to the unrestated financial statement, have constituted a material adverse effect on the rights of the Holder with respect to this Note or the Purchase Agreement.
If, at any time on or after the date that is six (6) calendar months after the Issue Date, the Holder is unable to (i) obtain a standard “144 legal opinion letter” from an attorney reasonably acceptable to the Holder, the Holder’s brokerage firm (and respective clearing firm), and the Borrower’s transfer agent in order to facilitate the Holder’s conversion of any portion of the Note into free trading shares of the Borrower’s Common Stock pursuant to Rule 144, and/or (ii) thereupon deposit such shares into the Holder’s brokerage account.
If, at any time on or after the Issue Date, the Borrower’s Common Stock (i) is suspended from trading, (ii) halted from trading, and/or (iii) fails to be quoted or listed (as applicable) on any level of the OTC Markets, any tier of the NASDAQ Stock Market, the New York Stock Exchange, or the NYSE American.
 3.19 Rights and Remedies Upon an Event of Default.
The Holder may convert the greater of the (i) Default Amount or (ii) Default Parity Amount into Common Stock pursuant to the terms of this Note (including but not limited to the conversion formula set forth in this Note as well as all other provisions of this Note).
The Holder shall be entitled to exercise all other rights and remedies available at law or in equity.
No failure or delay on the part of the Holder in the exercise of any power, right or privilege hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such power, right or privilege preclude other or further exercise thereof or of any other right, power or privileges.
All rights and remedies of the Holder existing hereunder are cumulative to, and not exclusive of, any rights or remedies otherwise available.
This Note and any provision hereof may only be amended by an instrument in writing signed by the Borrower and the Holder.
The term “Note” and all reference thereto, as used throughout this instrument, shall mean this instrument as originally executed, or if later amended or supplemented, then as so amended or supplemented.
 4.4 Assignability.
This Note shall be binding upon the Borrower and its successors and assigns and shall inure to be the benefit of the Holder and its successors and assigns.
The Borrower shall not assign this Note or any rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of the Holder.
The Holder may assign its rights hereunder to any “accredited investor” (as defined in Rule 501(a) of the 1933 Act) in a private transaction from the Holder or to any of its “affiliates”, as that term is defined under the 1934 Act, without the consent of the Borrower.
Notwithstanding anything in this Note to the contrary, this Note may be pledged as collateral in connection with a bona fide margin account or other lending arrangement.
The Holder and any assignee, by acceptance of this Note, acknowledge and agree that following conversion of a portion of this Note, the unpaid and unconverted principal amount of this Note represented by this Note may be less than the amount stated on the face hereof.
If default is made in the payment of this Note, the Borrower shall pay the Holder hereof costs of collection, including reasonable attorneys’ fees.
This Note shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware without regard to principles of conflicts of laws.
The Borrower hereby irrevocably waives any objection to jurisdiction and venue of any action instituted hereunder and shall not assert any defense based on lack of jurisdiction or venue or based upon forum non conveniens.
THE BORROWER HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE, AND AGREES NOT TO REQUEST, A JURY TRIAL FOR THE ADJUDICATION OF ANY DISPUTE HEREUNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH OR ARISING OUT OF THIS NOTE OR ANY TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY.
Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any other manner permitted by law.
4.7 Certain Amounts.
The Borrower and the Holder hereby agree that such amount of stipulated damages is not plainly disproportionate to the possible loss to the Holder from the receipt of a cash payment without the opportunity to convert this Note into shares of Common Stock.
The Company and the Holder shall be bound by the applicable terms of the Purchase Agreement and the documents entered into in connection herewith and therewith.
Except as otherwise provided below, the Holder of this Note shall have no rights as a Holder of Common Stock unless and only to the extent that it converts this Note into Common Stock.
The Borrower shall make a public announcement of any event requiring notification to the Holder hereunder substantially simultaneously with the notification to the Holder in accordance with the terms of this Section 4.9.
The Borrower acknowledges that a breach by it of its obligations hereunder will cause irreparable harm to the Holder, by vitiating the intent and purpose of the transaction contemplated hereby.
Accordingly, the Borrower acknowledges that the remedy at law for a breach of its obligations under this Note will be inadequate and agrees, in the event of a breach or threatened breach by the Borrower of the provisions of this Note, that the Holder shall be entitled, in addition to all other available remedies at law or in equity, and in addition to the penalties assessable herein, to an injunction or injunctions restraining, preventing or curing any breach of this Note and to enforce specifically the terms and provisions thereof, without the necessity of showing economic loss and without any bond or other security being required.
This Note shall be deemed to be jointly drafted by the Company and all the Holder and shall not be construed against any person as the drafter hereof.
The headings of this Note are for convenience of reference and shall not form part of, or affect the interpretation of, this Note.
To the extent it may lawfully do so, the Company hereby agrees not to insist upon or plead or in any manner whatsoever claim and will resist any and all efforts to be compelled to take the benefit or advantage of, usury laws wherever enacted, now or at any time hereafter in force, in connection with any action or proceeding that may be brought by the Holder in order to enforce any right or remedy under this Note.
Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary contained in this Note, it is expressly agreed and provided that the total liability of the Company under this Note for payments which under the applicable law are in the nature of interest shall not exceed the maximum lawful rate authorized under applicable law (the “Maximum Rate”), and, without limiting the foregoing, in no event shall any rate of interest or default interest, or both of them, when aggregated with any other sums which under the applicable law in the nature of interest that the Company may be obligated to pay under this Note exceed such Maximum Rate.
It is agreed that if the maximum contract rate of interest allowed by applicable law and applicable to this Note is increased or decreased by statute or any official governmental action subsequent to the Issue Date, the new maximum contract rate of interest allowed by law will be the Maximum Rate applicable to this Note from the effective date thereof forward, unless such application is precluded by applicable law.
If under any circumstances whatsoever, interest in excess of the Maximum Rate is paid by the Company to the Holder with respect to indebtedness evidenced by this the Note, such excess shall be applied by the Holder to the unpaid principal balance of any such indebtedness or be refunded to the Company, the manner of handling such excess to be at the Holder’s election.
In the event that any provision of this Note is invalid or unenforceable under any applicable statute or rule of law (including any judicial ruling), then such provision shall be deemed inoperative to the extent that it may conflict therewith and shall be deemed modified to conform with such statute or rule of law.
Any such provision which may prove invalid or unenforceable under any law shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision of this Note.
The types of terms contained in another security that may be more favorable to the holder of such security include, but are not limited to, terms addressing prepayment rate, interest rates, and original issue discounts.
In the case of a dispute as to the determination of the Conversion Price, Conversion Amount, any prepayment amount or Default Amount, Issue, Closing or Maturity Date, the closing bid price, or fair market value (as the case may be) or the arithmetic calculation of the Conversion Price or the applicable prepayment amount(s) (as the case may be), the Borrower or the Holder shall submit the disputed determinations or arithmetic calculations via facsimile (i) within one (1) Trading Day after receipt of the applicable notice giving rise to such dispute to the Borrower or the Holder or (ii) if no notice gave rise to such dispute, at any time after the Holder learned of the circumstances giving rise to such dispute.
Such investment bank’s or accountant’s determination or calculation shall be binding upon all parties absent demonstrable error.
[signature page follows]  IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Borrower has caused this Note to be signed in its name by its duly authorized officer on April 30, 2021.
Number of Shares of Common Stock to beIssued Pursuant to Conversion of the Note:  Amount of Principal Balance Due remainingUnder the Note after this conversion:
The Company and the Holder are hereinafter sometimes collectively referred to as the “Parties” and each a “Party” to this Agreement.
RECITALS WHEREAS, the Company’s Board of Directors (the “Board”) has unanimously approved, upon the terms and subject to the conditions of, that certain Securities Purchase Agreement, of even date herewith, by and between the Holder and the Company (the “Securities Purchase Agreement”), the Company has agreed to issue and sell to Holder the Note (as defined in the Securities Purchase Agreement) (the “Note”) and Warrant (as defined in the Securities Purchase Agreement) (the “Warrant”), to the Holder; and WHEREAS, to induce the Holder to execute and deliver the Securities Purchase Agreement and this Agreement, the Company has agreed to provide certain piggy-back registration rights under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”) and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, and applicable state securities laws, with respect to the Piggy-Back Registrable Securities (as defined herein).
NOW, THEREFORE, for and in consideration of the foregoing premises, the agreements and covenants herein contained, and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the Company and the Holder, intending to be legally bound, hereby agree as follows:  1.
Definitions.
As used in this Agreement, the following terms shall have the following meanings: a.
[Intentionally Omitted].
“Effective Date” shall mean the date the SEC declares the Registration Statement effective and the Company has filed all necessary amendments, including the letter to request accelerated effectiveness and the Prospectus covering the resale of Piggy-Back Registrable Securities.
c. “Filing Date” shall mean the date the Registration Statement has been filed with the SEC (as determined by EDGAR) and no stop order of acceptance has been issued by the SEC.
d. “Person” means a corporation, a limited liability company, an association, a partnership, an organization, a business, an individual, a governmental or political subdivision thereof or a governmental agency.
e. “Principal Market” means either the NYSE American, the Nasdaq Global Select Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Stock Capital Market, OTCQX® Best Market, the OTCQB® Venture Market or the OTC Pink Market, whichever is the principal market on which the Securities is listed or quoted.
g. “Register”, “Registered” and “Registration” refer to a registration effected by preparing and filing with the SEC one or more Registration Statements in compliance with the Securities Act and/or pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act or any successor rule providing for among other securities, the Piggy-Back Registrable Securities.
h. “Piggy-Back Registrable Securities” means the Conversion Shares (as defined in the Securities Purchase Agreement) (the “Conversion Share”), Warrant Shares (as defined in the Securities Purchase Agreement) (the “Warrant Shares”), all other shares of Common Stock issued or issuable pursuant to the Securities Purchase Agreement, and any shares of capital stock issued or issuable with respect to such Note, Conversion Shares, Warrant, or Warrant Shares as a result of any stock split, stock dividend, recapitalization, exchange or similar event or otherwise, which have not been (x) included in a Registration Statement that has been declared effective by the SEC, (y) sold under circumstances meeting all of the applicable conditions of Rule 144, promulgated under the Securities Act or (z) saleable without limitation as to time, manner and volume pursuant to Rule 144(k) (or any similar provision then in force) under the Securities Act.
“Registration Statement” means a registration statement of the Company filed with the SEC under the Securities Act.
“SEC” means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.
All capitalized terms used but not defined in this Agreement shall have the meaning ascribed to them in the Securities Purchase Agreement; provided however, that any references to Conversion Price shall have the meaning ascribed to it in the Note (the “Conversion Price”).
With respect to only one of the first three times the Company files a Registration Statement under the Securities Act, and at the request of the Holder, the Company shall use its commercially reasonable efforts, to the extent permissible under U.S. securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder, to include the Piggy-Back Registrable Securities in such Registration Statement with the intention of covering the resale of all of the Piggy-Back Registrable Securities at prevailing market prices (and not fixed prices).
The Company shall, to the extent permissible by U.S. securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder initially register for resale all of the Piggy-Back Registrable Securities, or an amount equal to the maximum amount allowed under the applicable rule or rules as interpreted by the SEC.
In the event the Company cannot register the Piggy-Back Registrable Securities, due to the remaining number of authorized shares (including shares held in the share reservation established for the benefit of the Holder) of Common Stock being insufficient, the Company will use its best efforts to register the maximum number of shares it can, based upon the remaining balance of authorized shares (including shares held in the share reservation established for the benefit of the Holder) and will use its best efforts to increase the number of its authorized shares as soon as reasonably practicable.
The Company shall use its commercially reasonable efforts, if it elects to file a Registration Statement and to the extent permissible under U.S. securities laws, to have the Registration Statement filed with the SEC within forty-five (45) days following Holder’s request for the inclusion of the Piggy-Back Registrable Securities in such Registration Statement (the “Filing Deadline”).
Notwithstanding the foregoing, failure to file by the Filing Deadline shall not constitute an event of default under the Note to the extent any delay in the filing of the Registration Statement occurs because of an act of, or a failure to act or to act timely by the Holder or is otherwise solely attributable to the Holder.
The Company acknowledges that its failure to have the Registration Statement filed by the Filing Deadline will cause the Holder to suffer irreparable harm, and, that damages will be difficult to ascertain.
Accordingly, the Parties agree that it is appropriate that the failure to file by the Filing Deadline shall constitute an event of default under Section 3.3 of the Note.
The availability of any remedies hereunder and thereunder shall not relieve the Company from its obligations to register the Piggy-Back Registrable Securities and deliver the Piggy-Back Registrable Securities pursuant to the terms of this Agreement and the Securities Purchase Agreement.
c. The Company shall use its efforts and take all available steps to have the Registration Statement declared effective by the SEC within ninety (90) calendar days after the Filing Date (the “Effective Deadline”).
If the Registration Statement covering the Piggy-Back Registrable Securities to be filed by the Company pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof has not become effective by the Effective Deadline, then it shall constitute an event of default under Section 3.3 of the Note.
Failure of the Company to make payment within said five (5) business days after each thirty (30) day period shall be considered a breach of this Agreement and an event of default under Section 3.3 of the Note.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the amounts payable by the Company pursuant to this Section 2(c) shall not be payable to the extent any delay in the effectiveness of the Registration Statement or any suspension of the effectiveness occurs because of an act of, or a failure to act or to act timely by the Holder or is otherwise solely attributable to the Holder.
The Company acknowledges that its failure to have the Registration Statement become effective by the Effective Deadline or to permit the suspension of the effectiveness of the Registration Statement, will cause the Holder to suffer irreparable harm and, that damages will be difficult to ascertain.
Accordingly, the Parties agree that it is appropriate to include in this Agreement a provision for liquidated damages.
The Parties acknowledge and agree that the liquidated damages provision set forth in this Section 2(c) represents the Parties’ good faith effort to quantify such damages and, as such, agree that the form and amount of such liquidated damages are reasonable and will not constitute a penalty.
Related Obligations.
At such time as the Company is obligated to prepare and file a Registration Statement with the SEC pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof, the Company will use its best efforts to effect the registration of the Piggy-Back Registrable Securities in accordance with the intended method of disposition thereof and, with respect thereto, the Company shall have the following obligations: a.
The Company shall use its best efforts to cause such Registration Statement relating to the Piggy-Back Registrable Securities to become effective within ninety (90) calendar days after the Filing Date and shall keep such Registration Statement effective pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act until the date on which the Holder shall have sold all the Piggy-Back Registrable Securities (the “Registration Period”), which Registration Statement (including any amendments or supplements thereto and prospectuses contained therein) shall, as of the date thereof, not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein, or necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances in which they were made, not misleading.
The Company shall prepare and file with the SEC such amendments (including post-effective amendments) and supplements to a Registration Statement and the prospectus used in connection with such Registration Statement, which prospectus is to be filed pursuant to Rule 424 under the Securities Act, as may be necessary to keep such Registration Statement effective during the Registration Period, and, during such period, comply with the provisions of the Securities Act with respect to the disposition of all Piggy-Back Registrable Securities of the Company covered by such Registration Statement until such time as all of such Piggy-Back Registrable Securities shall have been disposed of in accordance with the intended methods of disposition by the Holder as set forth in such Registration Statement (which shall be at prevailing market prices, and not fixed prices).
In the event the number of shares available under a Registration Statement filed pursuant to this Agreement is at any time insufficient to cover all of the Piggy-Back Registrable Securities, the Company shall amend such Registration Statement, or file a new Registration Statement (on the short form available therefor, if applicable), or both, so as to cover all of the Piggy-Back Registrable Securities, in each case, as soon as practicable, but in any event within thirty (30) calendar days after the necessity therefor arises (based on the total number of Piggy-Back Registrable Securities).
The Company shall use it best efforts to cause such amendment and/or new Registration Statement to become effective as soon as practicable following the filing thereof.
d. The Company shall use reasonable efforts to (i) register and qualify the Piggy-Back Registrable Securities covered by a Registration Statement under the applicable securities or “blue sky” laws of such states of the United States as reasonably specified by the Holder; (ii) prepare and file in those jurisdictions, such amendments (including post-effective amendments) and supplements to such registrations and qualifications as may be necessary to maintain the effectiveness thereof during the Registration Period; (iii) take such other actions as may be necessary to maintain such registrations and qualifications in effect at all times during the Registration Period; and (iv) take all other actions reasonably necessary or advisable to qualify the Piggy-Back Registrable Securities for sale in such jurisdictions; provided, however, that the Company shall not be required in connection therewith or as a condition thereto to (x) qualify to do business in any jurisdiction where it would not otherwise be required to qualify but for this Section 3(d), (y) subject itself to general taxation in any such jurisdiction, or (z) file a general consent to service of process in any such jurisdiction.
Accordingly, the Parties agree that it is appropriate to include in this Agreement a provision for liquidated damages.
The Parties acknowledge and agree that the liquidated damages provision set forth in this Section 3(e) represents the Parties’ good faith effort to quantify such damages and, as such, agree that the form and amount of such liquidated damages are reasonable and will not constitute a penalty.
It is the intention of the Parties that interest payable under any of the terms of this Agreement shall not exceed the maximum amount permitted under any applicable law.
If a law, which applies to this Agreement which sets the maximum interest amount, is finally interpreted so that the interest in connection with this Agreement exceeds the permitted limits, then: (1) any such interest shall be reduced by the amount necessary to reduce the interest to the permitted limit; and (2) any sums already collected (if any) from the Company which exceed the permitted limits will be refunded to the Company.
In the event that any provision of this Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be excessive in scope or otherwise invalid or unenforceable, such provision shall be adjusted rather than voided, if possible, so that it is enforceable to the maximum extent possible, and the validity and enforceability of the remaining provisions of this Agreement will not in any way be affected or impaired thereby.
f. The Company shall use its best efforts to prevent the issuance of any stop order or other suspension of effectiveness of a Registration Statement, or the suspension of the qualification of any of the Piggy-Back Registrable Securities for sale in any jurisdiction and, if such an order or suspension is issued, to obtain the withdrawal of such order or suspension at the earliest possible moment and to notify the Holder of the issuance of such order and the resolution thereof.
The Company will immediately notify the Holder of a proceeding, or threat of proceeding, the result of which could affect the effectiveness of the registration statement.
The Company shall hold in confidence and not make any disclosure of information concerning the Holder unless (i) disclosure of such information is necessary to comply with federal or state securities laws, (ii) the disclosure of such information is necessary to avoid or correct a misstatement or omission in any Registration Statement, (iii) the release of such information is ordered pursuant to a subpoena or other final, non-appealable order from a court or governmental body of competent jurisdiction, or (iv) such information has been made generally available to the public other than by disclosure in violation of this Agreement or any other agreement.
The Company agrees that it shall, upon learning that disclosure of such information concerning a Holder is sought in or by a court or governmental body of competent jurisdiction or through other means, give prompt written notice to the Holder and allow the Holder, at the Holder’s expense, to undertake appropriate action to prevent disclosure of, or to obtain a protective order for, such information.
