WHEREAS, the Company desires to employ the Executive and the Executive desires to be employed by the Company beginning on the Effective Date on the terms contained herein;
NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements herein contained and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, the parties agree as follows:
(b) Position and Duties.
During the Term, the Executive shall serve as the Chief Executive Officer of the Company, reporting to the Board of Directors of the Company (the “Board”), and shall have supervision and control over and responsibility for the day-to-day business and affairs of the Company and shall have such other powers and duties as may from time to time be prescribed by the Board, provided that such duties are consistent with the Executive’s position or other positions that he may hold from time to time.
The Company recognizes the unique responsibilities the Executive has at the Company and with the Company’s strategic partners.
Executive shall devote sufficient working time and efforts to the business and affairs of the Company.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Executive may serve in positions with the Company’s strategic partners, on two outside public board of directors, consistent with the Company’s corporate governance policies and procedures with the approval of the Board, which shall not be unreasonably withheld or conditioned, and engage in non-personal religious, charitable or other community activities as long as such services and activities are disclosed to the Board and do not interfere with the Executive’s performance of his duties to the Company as provided in this Agreement.
(c) Principal Place of Employment.
The Executive’s principal place of employment during the Term shall be at the Company’s office located at 835 Innovation Drive, Knoxville, Tennessee 37932.
The Company may transfer the Executive’s place of employment; provided, however, that the Company shall receive the Executive’s written consent before planning or effectuating any such transfer.
During the Term, the Executive shall be subject to all of the Company’s corporate governance and executive compensation policies in effect from time to time, including any stock ownership guidelines.
The Company shall work to establish such Reserve within 90 days of the Effective Date.
The Reserve shall be released to the Company when the Company successfully completes its public offering.
Until the Company consummates its Initial (Alternative) Public Offering, the Company may substitute a portion of the Annual Cash Incentive Compensation amount with stock, depending upon cash needs of the Company.
The Initial Equity Award shall be provided in shares of time-based restricted stock units and vest in equal quarterly installments throughout the Initial Term,
commencing on the Effective Date and each subsequent three-month anniversary of the grant date, subject to continued employment of the Executive other than as stated herein and restricted to the terms and conditions of Restricted Stock Award to be entered into by the Company and Executive.
The executive will be able to accelerate the “initial equity award” vesting by meeting predetermined milestones to be defined and agreed to by the executive and the Company.
The structure and terms of the equity grants to the Executive will be the same for the senior management team.
During the Term, the Executive shall be eligible to participate in or receive benefits under the Company’s employee benefit plans in effect from time to time, subject to the terms of such plans.
Any accrued but unused vacation time shall carryover to the subsequent year with a maximum of 240 hours accrued.
The Executive shall also be entitled to all paid holidays given by the Company to its executives.
Notwithstanding any other provisions in this Agreement to the contrary, any incentive-based compensation, or any other compensation, paid to the Executive pursuant to this Agreement or any other agreement or arrangement with the Company which is subject to recovery under any law, government regulation or stock exchange listing requirement, will be subject to such deductions and clawback as may be required to be made pursuant to such law, government regulation or stock exchange listing requirement (or any policy
adopted by the Company pursuant to any such law, government regulation or stock exchange listing requirement).
(j)Automobile Allowance:  Immediately upon successful completion of the Company’s public offering, the Executive shall receive use of a Company vehicle subject to the policies and costs as agreed between the Executive and the Board.
Indemnification.
The Company and the Executive shall enter into an Indemnification Agreement pursuant to which the Company shall indemnify the Executive with respect to any actions commenced against the Executive in his capacity as a director or officer or former director or officer of the Company, or any affiliate thereof for which he may serve in such capacity, and the Company shall advance on a timely basis any expenses incurred in defending such actions.
The Company agrees to secure and maintain reasonably satisfactory directors’ and officers’ liability insurance with respect to the Executive.
The Executive shall be designated as a “covered person” under the Company’s Director’s and Officer’s insurance coverage and shall be covered to the same extent as other directors and executive officers, including following the termination of the Executive’s employment for the maximum statute of limitations period which could apply to any claim against the Executive which otherwise would be covered by such insurance.
If any question shall arise as to whether during any period the Executive is disabled so as to be unable to perform the essential functions of the Executive’s then-existing position or positions with or without reasonable accommodation, the Executive may, and at the request of the Company shall, submit to the Company a certification in reasonable detail by a physician selected by the Company to whom the Executive or the Executive’s guardian has no reasonable objection as to whether the Executive is so disabled or how long such disability is expected to continue, and such certification shall for the purposes of this Agreement be conclusive of the issue.
The Executive shall cooperate with any reasonable request of the physician in connection with such certification.
If such question shall arise and the Executive shall fail to submit such certification, the Company’s determination of such issue shall be binding on the Executive.
Nothing in this Section 3(b) shall be construed to waive the Executive’s rights, if any, under existing law including, without limitation, the Family and Medical Leave Act of 1993, 29 U.S.C.
and the Americans with Disabilities Act, 42 U.S.C.
For purposes of this Agreement, “Good Reason” shall mean that the Executive has complied with the “Good Reason Process” (hereinafter defined) following the occurrence of any of the following events without the Executive’s consent:
If the Company cures the Good Reason condition during the Cure Period, Good Reason shall be deemed not to have occurred.
breaches any of the provisions contained in the Confidential Information, Inventions Assignment and Non-Solicitation Agreement entered into between the Executive and the Company of even date hereof, all payments of the Severance Amount shall immediately cease; and
The provisions of this Section 6 are intended to assure and encourage in advance the Executive’s continued attention and dedication to his assigned duties and his objectivity during the pendency and after the occurrence of a Change in Control.
Upon a Change in Control, any equity award with time or performance-based vesting, including, but not limited to, the Initial Equity Award, held by the Executive shall automatically vest or be deemed earned either at target or based on actual achievement of the performance metric, if higher.
(b) Change in Control Benefits.
§1.280G-1, Q&A-24(b) or (c) shall be reduced before any amounts that are subject to calculation under Treas.
§1.280G-1, Q&A-24(b) or (c).
(ii) For purposes of this Section 6(c), the “After Tax Amount” means the amount of the Aggregate Payments less all federal, state, and local income, excise and employment taxes imposed on the Executive as a result of the Executive’s receipt of the Aggregate Payments.
For purposes of determining the After Tax Amount, the Executive shall be deemed to pay federal income taxes at the highest marginal rate of federal income taxation applicable to individuals for the calendar year in which the determination is to be made, and state and local income taxes at the highest marginal rates of individual taxation in each applicable state and locality, net of the maximum reduction in federal income taxes which could be obtained from deduction of such state and local taxes.
(iii) The determination as to whether a reduction in the Aggregate Payments shall be made pursuant to Section 6(c)(i) shall be made by a nationally recognized or otherwise locally reputable accounting firm selected by the Company (the “Accounting Firm”) with the Executive’s consent, which will not be unreasonably withheld.
Any determination by the Accounting Firm shall be binding upon the Company and the Executive.
(e) Definitions.
For purposes of this Section 6, the following terms shall have the following meanings:
“Change in Control” shall mean any of the following: (i) any “Person,” as such term is used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and in effect from time to time (the “Exchange Act”) (other than the Company, any of its subsidiaries, or any trustee, fiduciary or other person or entity holding securities under any employee benefit plan or trust of the Company or any of its subsidiaries), together with all “affiliates” and “associates” (as such terms are defined in Rule 12b-2 under the Exchange Act) of such person, shall become the “beneficial owner” (as such term is defined in Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act), directly or indirectly, of securities of the Company representing more than 50 percent (50%)  or more of the combined voting power of the Company’s then outstanding securities having the right to vote in an election of the Company’s Board of Directors (“Voting Securities”) (in such case other than as a result of an acquisition of securities directly from the Company); or (ii) the consummation of a consolidation, merger or consolidation or sale or other disposition of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company in a single transaction or series of related transactions (a “Corporate Transaction”); excluding, however, a Corporate Transaction in which the stockholders of the Company immediately prior to the Corporate Transaction, would immediately after the Corporate Transaction, beneficially own (as such term is defined in Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act), directly or indirectly, shares representing in the aggregate more than 50 percent of the voting shares of the corporation issuing cash or securities in the Corporate Transaction (or of its ultimate parent corporation, if any); or (iii) persons who, as of the date hereof, constitute the Company’s Board of Directors (the “Incumbent Directors”) cease for any reason, including, without limitation, as a result of a tender offer, proxy contest, merger or similar transaction, to constitute at least a majority of the Board, provided that any person becoming a director of the Company subsequent to the date hereof shall be considered an Incumbent Director if such person’s election was approved by or such person was nominated for election by either (A) a vote of at least a majority of the Incumbent Directors or (B) a vote of at least a majority of the Incumbent Directors who are members of a nominating committee comprised, in the majority, of Incumbent Directors; but provided further, that any such person whose initial assumption of office is in connection with an actual or threatened election contest relating to the election of members of the Board of Directors or other actual or threatened solicitation of proxies or consents by or on behalf of a Person other than the Board, including by reason of agreement intended to avoid or settle any such actual or threatened contest or solicitation, shall not be considered an Incumbent Director; or (iv) any other acquisition of the business of the Company in which a majority of the Board votes in favor of a decision that a Change in Control has occurred within the meaning of this Agreement; or (v) the approval by the Company’s stockholders of any plan or proposal for the liquidation or dissolution of the Company.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, a “Change in Control” shall not be deemed to have occurred for purposes of the foregoing clause (a) solely as the result of an acquisition of securities by the Company that, by reducing the number of shares of Voting Securities outstanding, increases the proportionate number of shares of Voting Securities beneficially owned by any person to 30 percent or more of the combined voting power of all then outstanding Voting Securities; provided, however, that if any person referred to in this sentence shall thereafter become the beneficial owner
of any additional shares of Voting Securities (other than pursuant to a stock split, stock dividend, or similar transaction or as a result of an acquisition of securities directly from the Company) and immediately thereafter beneficially owns more than 50 percent (50%) of the combined voting power of all then outstanding Voting Securities, then a “Change in Control” shall be deemed to have occurred for purposes of the foregoing clause (a).
A “Change in Control” shall not be deemed to have occurred due to a change in the Board members or structure due to the Company’s Initial (Alternative) Public Offering execution.
Section 409A.
(b) All in-kind benefits provided and expenses eligible for reimbursement under this Agreement shall be provided by the Company or incurred by the Executive during the time periods set forth in this Agreement.
The amount of in-kind benefits provided or reimbursable expenses incurred in one taxable year shall not affect the in-kind benefits to be provided or the expenses eligible for reimbursement in any other taxable year (except for any lifetime or other aggregate limitation applicable to medical expenses).
Such right to reimbursement or in-kind benefits is not subject to liquidation or exchange for another benefit.
(d) The parties intend that this Agreement will be administered in accordance with Section 409A of the Code.
To the extent that any provision of this Agreement is ambiguous as to its compliance with Section 409A of the Code, the provision shall be read in such a manner so that all payments hereunder comply with Section 409A of the Code.
The parties agree that this Agreement may be amended, as reasonably requested by either party, and as may be necessary to fully comply with Section 409A of the Code and all related rules and regulations in order to preserve the payments and benefits provided hereunder without additional cost to either party.
(e) The Company makes no representation or warranty and shall have no liability to the Executive or any other person if any provisions of this Agreement are determined to constitute deferred compensation subject to Section 409A of the Code but do not satisfy an exemption from, or the conditions of, such Section.
Third Party Agreement and Cooperation.
(a) Third-Party Agreements and Rights.
The Executive hereby confirms that the Executive is not bound by the terms of any agreement with any previous employer or other party which otherwise restricts in any way the Executive’s use or disclosure of information or the Executive’s engagement in any business.
Except as stated herein, the Executive represents to the Company that the Executive’s execution of this Agreement, the Executive’s employment with the Company and the performance of the Executive’s proposed duties for the Company will not violate any known obligations the Executive may have to any such previous employer or other party.
In the Executive’s work for the Company, the Executive will not disclose or make use of any information in violation of any agreements with or rights of any such previous employer or other party, and the Executive will not bring to the premises of the Company any copies or other tangible embodiments of non-public information belonging to or obtained from any such previous employment or other party.
The Company agrees to provide for the Executive’s defense against any claims that might be asserted by or on behalf of Toho Tenax America, Inc. that arise out of alleged violations of the Confidentiality and Assignment of Inventions Agreement and relate to the performance of the Executive’s duties under this Agreement.
During and after the Executive’s employment, the Executive shall cooperate fully with the Company in the defense or prosecution of any claims or actions now in existence or which may be brought in the future against or on behalf of the Company which relate to events or occurrences that transpired while the Executive was employed by the Company.
The Executive’s full cooperation in connection with such claims or actions shall include, but not be limited to, being available to meet with counsel to prepare for discovery or trial and to act as a witness on behalf of the Company at mutually convenient times.
During and after the Executive’s employment, the Executive also shall cooperate fully with the Company in connection with any investigation or review of any federal, state or local regulatory authority as any such investigation or review relates to events or occurrences that transpired while the Executive was employed by the Company.
Any controversy or claim arising out of or relating to this Agreement or the breach thereof or otherwise arising out of the Executive’s employment or the termination of that employment (including, without limitation, any claims of unlawful employment discrimination whether based on age or otherwise) shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, be settled by arbitration in any forum and form agreed upon by the parties or, in the absence of such an agreement, under the auspices of the American Arbitration Association (“AAA”) in Knoxville, Tennessee, in accordance with the Employment Dispute Resolution Rules of the AAA, including, but not limited to, the rules and procedures applicable to the selection of arbitrators.
In the event that any person or entity other than the Executive or the Company may be a party with regard to any such controversy or claim, such controversy or claim shall be submitted to arbitration subject to such other person or entity’s agreement.
Judgment upon the award rendered by the arbitrator may be entered in any court having jurisdiction thereof.
This Section 9 shall be specifically enforceable.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Section 9 shall not preclude either party from pursuing a court action for the sole purpose of obtaining a temporary restraining order or a preliminary injunction in circumstances in which such relief is appropriate; provided that any other relief shall be pursued through an arbitration proceeding pursuant to this Section 9.
Consent to Jurisdiction.
To the extent that any court action is permitted consistent with or to enforce Section 9 of this Agreement, the parties hereby consent to the jurisdiction of the Circuit Court for Knox County, Tennessee.
Accordingly, with respect to any such court action, the Executive (a) submits to the personal jurisdiction of such courts; (b) consents to service of process; and (c) waives any other requirement (whether imposed by statute, rule of court, or otherwise) with respect to personal jurisdiction or service of process.
Integration.
This Agreement, together with the additional agreements referred to herein, constitute the entire agreement between the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior agreements between the parties concerning such subject matter.
Withholding.
All payments made by the Company to the Executive under this Agreement shall be net of any tax or other amounts required to be withheld by the Company under applicable law.
Successor to the Executive.
This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by the Executive’s personal representatives, executors, administrators, heirs, distributees, devisees and legatees.
Enforceability.
If any portion or provision of this Agreement (including, without limitation, any portion or provision of any section of this Agreement) shall to any extent be declared illegal or unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction, then the remainder of this Agreement, or the application of such portion or provision in circumstances other than those as to which it is so declared illegal or unenforceable, shall not be affected thereby, and each portion and provision of this Agreement shall be valid and enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by law.
No waiver of any provision hereof shall be effective unless made in writing and signed by the waiving party.
The failure of any party to require the performance of any term or obligation of this Agreement, or the waiver by any party of any breach of this Agreement, shall not prevent any subsequent enforcement of such term or obligation or be deemed a waiver of any subsequent breach.
Prior to the Effective Date, the Company shall refrain from any public announcements, press releases, or similar announcement regarding the Executive’s status with the Company without the Executive’s consent in writing.
Furthermore, any such public announcement shall obligate the Company to make payment of the Signing Bonus and first month salary payment.
Amendment.
This Agreement may be amended or modified only by a written instrument signed by the Executive and by a duly authorized representative of the Company.
Governing Law.
This is a Tennessee contract and shall be construed under and be governed in all respects by the laws of the State of Tennessee, without giving effect to the conflict of laws principles of such State.
With respect to any disputes concerning federal law, such disputes shall be determined in accordance with the law as it would be interpreted and applied by the United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit.
Counterparts.
Successor to Company.
The Company shall require any successor (whether direct or indirect, by purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise) to all or substantially all of the business or assets of the Company expressly to assume and agree to perform this Agreement to the same extent that the Company would be required to perform it if no succession had taken place.
Failure of the Company to obtain an assumption of this Agreement at or prior to the effectiveness of any succession shall be a material breach of this Agreement.
Gender Neutral.
Wherever used herein, a pronoun in the masculine gender shall be considered as including the feminine gender unless the context clearly indicates otherwise.
ACKNOWLEDGEMENT OF FULL UNDERSTANDING.
THE EXECUTIVE ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT HE HAS FULLY READ, UNDERSTANDS AND VOLUNTARILY ENTERS INTO THIS AGREEMENT.
THE EXECUTIVE ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT HE HAS HAD AN OPPORTUNITY TO ASK QUESTIONS AND CONSULT WITH AN ATTORNEY OF HIS CHOICE BEFORE SIGNING THIS AGREEMENT.
[SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS]
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Agreement effective on the date and year first above written.
I acknowledge that my timely execution and return and my non-revocation of this Release are conditions to my entitlement to the benefits set forth in Section 5 or 6 of the Employment Agreement (the “Separation Benefits”).
I therefore agree to the following terms:
Release of Claims.
I voluntarily release and forever discharge the Company, its parents, subsidiaries, and affiliated entities, and each of those entities’ respective current and former shareholders, investors, directors, officers, employees, agents, attorneys, insurers, legal successors and assigns (collectively referred to as the “Releasees”) generally from all claims, demands, debts, damages and liabilities of every name and nature, known or unknown (“Claims”) that, as of the date when I sign this Release, I have, ever had, now claim to have or ever claimed to have had against any or all of the Releasees.
This includes, without limitation, the release of all Claims: relating to my employment by the Company and my separation from employment; of wrong discharge; of breach of contract; of retaliation or discrimination under federal, state or local law (including, without limitation, Claims of age discrimination or retaliation in Employment Act, Claims of disability or retaliation under the American with Disabilities Act, Claims of discrimination or retaliation under Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, and Claims of any form of discrimination or retaliation that is prohibited by the Tennessee Civil Rights Act or law of any other state); under any other federal or state statute; of defamation or other torts; of violation of public policy; for wages, bonuses, incentive compensation, vacation pay or any other compensation, vacation pay or any other compensation or benefits; and for damages or remedies of any sort, including, without limitation, compensatory damages, punitive damages, injunctive relief and attorney’s fees; provided, however, that this release shall not affect my rights under the Company’s Section 401(k) plan, my rights to the Separation Benefits under the Employment Agreement, my rights to indemnification under the Indemnification Agreement between the Company and me (the “Indemnification Agreement”), my rights to Directors’ and Officers’ insurance, my rights to any vested equity awards, my rights to file an administrative charge or complaint with the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission or other administrative agency, and any rights and claims that cannot be waived by law.
I agree that I shall not seek or accept damages of any nature, other equitable or legal remedies for my own benefit, attorney’s fees, or costs from any of the Releasees with respect to any Claim released by this Release.
I represent that I have not assigned to any third party and I have not filed with any court any Claim released by this Release.
I reaffirm my ongoing obligations under any previous non-disclosure agreement executed and agreed to between me and the Company including, without limitation, my obligations to maintain the confidentiality of all confidential and proprietary information of the Company
Litigation and Regulatory Cooperation.
I agree to cooperate fully with the Company in the defense or prosecution of any claims or actions now in existence or which may be brought in the future against or on behalf of the Company which relate to events or occurrences that transpired while I was employed by the Company.
My full cooperation in connection with such claims or actions shall include, but not be limited to, being available to meet with counsel to prepare for discovery or trial and to act as a witness on behalf of the Company at mutually convenient times.
I also agree to cooperate fully with the Company in connection with any investigation or review of any federal, state or local regulatory authority as any such investigation or review relates to events or occurrences that transpired while I was employed by the Company.
Non-Disparagement and No Cooperation.
I agree that I will not, at any time in the future, make any written or oral statement that disparages or damages (i) the business of the Company or any affiliate of the Company (together, “Company Parties”), (ii) any products or services of any Company Party, (iii) any member of the board of directors or management of any Company Party or (iv) any investor in the securities of the Company or any representative thereof.
In addition, the Company will direct its directors and officers not to, at any time in the future, make or cause to be made any written or oral statement that disparages or damages me or my reputation.
I agree that I will not counsel or assist any attorneys or their clients in the presentation or prosecution of any disputes, differences, grievances, claims, charges, or complaints by any third party against the Company and/or any of the other Releasee, unless under a subpoena or other court order to do so; provided that nothing in this Release shall be construed to affect my right to participate in any proceeding before a federal or state administrative agency, including, without limitation, by cooperating with any such agency’s request for information or by making any good faith report to a governmental entity concerning any act or omission that I reasonably believe constitutes a possible violation of federal or state law or making other disclosures that are protected under the anti-retaliation or whistleblower provisions of applicable federal or state law or regulation.
In addition, I recognize that the Company’s business relationships with its customers, distributors, resellers and partners (collectively, “Customers and Partners”) are very important to the Company, and that if I – as an important Company representative in its dealings with Customers and Partners during the course of my employment – make any statement (directly or indirectly) to such Customers or Partners about the Company, any other Company Party, employees of any Company Party or the products or services of any Company Party that is untrue or otherwise may be harmful to the Company or any other Company Party, I will be deemed to have violated this Section 4.
I acknowledge that I have either been advised by independent legal counsel regarding the legal effect of this document and, having been so advised, desire to enter into this legally binding Agreement.
Other Terms.
I acknowledge that I have been advised to discuss all aspects of this Release with my attorney, that I have carefully read and fully understand all of the provisions of this Release and that I am voluntarily entering into this Release.
This Release shall be binding upon me and upon my heirs, administrators, representatives and executors.
This Release may be amended only upon a written agreement executed by the Company and me.
In the event that at any future time it is determined by an arbitrator or court of competent jurisdiction that any covenant, clause, provision or term of this Release is illegal, invalid or unenforceable, the remaining provisions and terms of this Release shall not be affected thereby and the illegal, invalid or unenforceable term or provision shall be severed from the remainder of this Release.
In the event of such severance, the remaining covenants shall be binding and enforceable.
This Release shall be deemed to be made and entered into in the State of Tennessee, and shall in all respects be interpreted, enforced and governed under the laws of the State of Tennessee, without giving effect to the conflict of laws provisions of Tennessee law.
The language of all parts of this Release shall in all cases be construed as a whole, according to its fair meaning, and not strictly for or against the Company or me.
I acknowledge that I am not relying on any promises or representations by the Company or any of its agents, representatives or attorneys regarding any subject matter addressed in this Release.
[SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS]
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Agreement effective on the date and year first above written.
