EXECUTION
TABLE OF CONTENTSPage
Schedule AMortgage Loan Schedule (by Mortgage Pool)
The Depositor has acquired the Mortgage Loans from the Seller, and at the Closing Date is the owner of the Mortgage Loans and the other property being conveyed by it to the Trustee hereunder for inclusion in the Trust Fund.
The Depositor has duly authorized the execution and delivery of this Agreement to provide for the conveyance to the Trustee of the Mortgage Loans and the other property constituting the Trust Fund.
All covenants and agreements made by the Seller in the Mortgage Loan Sale Agreement and by the Depositor, the Master Servicer, the Securities Administrator and the Trustee herein with respect to the Mortgage Loans and the other property constituting the Trust Fund are for the benefit of the Holders from time to time of the Certificates and, to the extent provided herein, any NIMS Insurer.
The Depositor, the Trustee, the Master Servicer, the Securities Administrator and the Credit Risk Manager are entering into this Agreement, and the Trustee is accepting the Trust Fund created hereby, for good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged.As provided herein, the Trustee shall elect that the Trust Fund (exclusive of (i) the Swap Agreement, (ii) the right to receive and the obligation to pay Basis Risk Shortfalls and Unpaid Basis Risk Shortfalls and (iii) the obligation to pay Class I Shortfalls (collectively, the “Excluded Trust Assets”)) be treated for federal income tax purposes as comprising five real estate mortgage investment conduits under Section 860D of the Code (each a “REMIC” or, in the alternative “REMIC 1,” “REMIC 2,” “REMIC 3,” “REMIC 4,” and “REMIC 5”; REMIC 5 also being referred to as the “Upper Tier REMIC”).
Any inconsistencies or ambiguities in this Agreement or in the administration of this Agreement shall be resolved in a manner that preserves the validity of such REMIC elections.Each Certificate, other than the Class R Certificate, represents ownership of a regular interest in the Upper Tier REMIC for purposes of the REMIC Provisions.
In addition, each Certificate, other than the Class R, Class X and Class P Certificates, represents (i) the right to receive payments with respect to any Basis Risk Shortfalls and Unpaid Basis Risk Shortfalls and (ii) the obligation to pay Class I Shortfalls.
The Class R Certificate represents ownership of the sole Class of residual interest in each of REMIC 1, REMIC 2, REMIC 3, REMIC 4, and the Upper Tier REMIC for purposes of the REMIC Provisions.The Upper Tier REMIC shall hold as its assets the uncertificated Lower Tier Interests in REMIC 4, other than the LT4-R interest, and each such Lower Tier Interest is hereby designated as a regular interest in REMIC 4 for purposes of the REMIC Provisions.
REMIC 4 shall hold as its assets the uncertificated Lower Tier Interests in REMIC 3, other than the LT3-R interest, and each such Lower Tier Interest is hereby designated as a regular interest in REMIC 3 for purposes of the REMIC Provisions.
REMIC 3 shall hold as its assets the uncertificated Lower Tier Interests in REMIC 2, other than the LT2-R interest, and each such Lower Tier Interest is hereby designated as a regular interest in REMIC 2 for purposes of the REMIC Provisions.
REMIC 2 shall hold as its assets the uncertificated Lower Tier Interests in REMIC 1, other than the LT1-R interest, and each such Lower Tier Interest is hereby designated as a regular interest in REMIC 1.
REMIC 1 shall hold as its assets the property of the Trust Fund other than the Lower Tier Interests in REMIC 1, REMIC 2, REMIC 3, REMIC 4, and the Excluded Trust Assets.The startup day for each REMIC created hereby for purposes of the REMIC Provisions is the Closing Date.
The maximum rate for any Distribution Date is referred to herein as the  “REMIC Swap Rate” for such Distribution Date.
(9)The LT1-R interest shall not have a principal amount and shall not bear interest.
The LT1-R interest is hereby designated as the sole class of residual interest in REMIC 1.On each Distribution Date, the Trustee shall first pay or charge as an expense of REMIC 1 all expenses of the Trust for such Distribution Date other than the Credit Risk Manager’s Fee.
(3)This Lower Tier Interest is an interest-only Lower Tier Interest and does not have a principal balance.
(4)This Lower Tier Interest is an interest-only Lower Tier Interest and does not have a principal balance.
(5)This Lower Tier Interest is an interest-only Lower Tier Interest and does not have a principal balance.
(6)This Lower Tier Interest is an interest-only Lower Tier Interest and does not have a principal balance.
(7)This Lower Tier Interest is an interest-only Lower Tier Interest and does not have a principal balance.
(8)This Lower Tier Interest is an interest-only Lower Tier Interest and does not have a principal balance.
(9)This Lower Tier Interest is an interest-only Lower Tier Interest and does not have a principal balance.
(10)This Lower Tier Interest is an interest-only Lower Tier Interest and does not have a principal balance.
(11)This Lower Tier Interest is an interest-only Lower Tier Interest and does not have a principal balance.
(12)This Lower Tier Interest is an interest-only Lower Tier Interest and does not have a principal balance.
(13)This Lower Tier Interest is an interest-only Lower Tier Interest and does not have a principal balance.
(14)This Lower Tier Interest is an interest-only Lower Tier Interest and does not have a principal balance.
(15)This Lower Tier Interest is an interest-only Lower Tier Interest and does not have a principal balance.
(16)This Lower Tier Interest is an interest-only Lower Tier Interest and does not have a principal balance.
(17)This Lower Tier Interest is an interest-only Lower Tier Interest and does not have a principal balance.
(18)This Lower Tier Interest is an interest-only Lower Tier Interest and does not have a principal balance.
(19)This Lower Tier Interest is an interest-only Lower Tier Interest and does not have a principal balance.
(20)This Lower Tier Interest is an interest-only Lower Tier Interest and does not have a principal balance.
(21)This Lower Tier Interest is an interest-only Lower Tier Interest and does not have a principal balance.
(22)This Lower Tier Interest is an interest-only Lower Tier Interest and does not have a principal balance.
(23)This Lower Tier Interest is an interest-only Lower Tier Interest and does not have a principal balance.
(24)This Lower Tier Interest is an interest-only Lower Tier Interest and does not have a principal balance.
(25)This Lower Tier Interest is an interest-only Lower Tier Interest and does not have a principal balance.
(26)This Lower Tier Interest is an interest-only Lower Tier Interest and does not have a principal balance.
(27)This Lower Tier Interest is an interest-only Lower Tier Interest and does not have a principal balance.
(28)This Lower Tier Interest is an interest-only Lower Tier Interest and does not have a principal balance.
(29)This Lower Tier Interest is an interest-only Lower Tier Interest and does not have a principal balance.
(30)This Lower Tier Interest is an interest-only Lower Tier Interest and does not have a principal balance.
(31)This Lower Tier Interest is an interest-only Lower Tier Interest and does not have a principal balance.
(32)This Lower Tier Interest is an interest-only Lower Tier Interest and does not have a principal balance.
(33)This Lower Tier Interest is an interest-only Lower Tier Interest and does not have a principal balance.
(34)This Lower Tier Interest is an interest-only Lower Tier Interest and does not have a principal balance.
(35)This Lower Tier Interest is an interest-only Lower Tier Interest and does not have a principal balance.
(36)This Lower Tier Interest is an interest-only Lower Tier Interest and does not have a principal balance.
(37)This Lower Tier Interest is an interest-only Lower Tier Interest and does not have a principal balance.
(38)This Lower Tier Interest is an interest-only Lower Tier Interest and does not have a principal balance.
(39)This Lower Tier Interest is an interest-only Lower Tier Interest and does not have a principal balance.
(40)This Lower Tier Interest is an interest-only Lower Tier Interest and does not have a principal balance.
(41)This Lower Tier Interest is an interest-only Lower Tier Interest and does not have a principal balance.
(42)This Lower Tier Interest is an interest-only Lower Tier Interest and does not have a principal balance.
(43)This Lower Tier Interest is an interest-only Lower Tier Interest and does not have a principal balance.
(44)This Lower Tier Interest is an interest-only Lower Tier Interest and does not have a principal balance.
(45)This Lower Tier Interest is an interest-only Lower Tier Interest and does not have a principal balance.
(46)This Lower Tier Interest is an interest-only Lower Tier Interest and does not have a principal balance.
(47)This Lower Tier Interest is an interest-only Lower Tier Interest and does not have a principal balance.
(48)This Lower Tier Interest is an interest-only Lower Tier Interest and does not have a principal balance.
(49)This Lower Tier Interest is an interest-only Lower Tier Interest and does not have a principal balance.
(50)This Lower Tier Interest is an interest-only Lower Tier Interest and does not have a principal balance.
(51)This Lower Tier Interest is an interest-only Lower Tier Interest and does not have a principal balance.
(52)This Lower Tier Interest is an interest-only Lower Tier Interest and does not have a principal balance.
(53)This Lower Tier Interest is an interest-only Lower Tier Interest and does not have a principal balance.
(54)This Lower Tier Interest is an interest-only Lower Tier Interest and does not have a principal balance.
(55)This Lower Tier Interest is an interest-only Lower Tier Interest and does not have a principal balance.
(56)This Lower Tier Interest is an interest-only Lower Tier Interest and does not have a principal balance.
(57)This Lower Tier Interest is an interest-only Lower Tier Interest and does not have a principal balance.
(58)This Lower Tier Interest is an interest-only Lower Tier Interest and does not have a principal balance.
(59)This Lower Tier Interest is an interest-only Lower Tier Interest and does not have a principal balance.
(60)This Lower Tier Interest is an interest-only Lower Tier Interest and does not have a principal balance.
(61)This Lower Tier Interest is an interest-only Lower Tier Interest and does not have a principal balance.
(64)This Lower Tier Interest is an interest-only Lower Tier Interest and does not have a principal balance.
(65)This Lower Tier Interest is an interest-only Lower Tier Interest and does not have a principal balance.
(66)This Lower Tier Interest is an interest-only Lower Tier Interest and does not have a principal balance.
(67)This Lower Tier Interest is an interest-only Lower Tier Interest and does not have a principal balance.
(68)This Lower Tier Interest is an interest-only Lower Tier Interest and does not have a principal balance.
(69)This Lower Tier Interest is an interest-only Lower Tier Interest and does not have a principal balance.
(70)This Lower Tier Interest is an interest-only Lower Tier Interest and does not have a principal balance.
(71)This Lower Tier Interest is an interest-only Lower Tier Interest and does not have a principal balance.
(72)This Lower Tier Interest is an interest-only Lower Tier Interest and does not have a principal balance.
(73)This Lower Tier Interest is an interest-only Lower Tier Interest and does not have a principal balance.
(74)This Lower Tier Interest is an interest-only Lower Tier Interest and does not have a principal balance.
(75)This Lower Tier Interest is an interest-only Lower Tier Interest and does not have a principal balance.
(76)This Lower Tier Interest is an interest-only Lower Tier Interest and does not have a principal balance.
(77)This Lower Tier Interest is an interest-only Lower Tier Interest and does not have a principal balance.
(78)This Lower Tier Interest is an interest-only Lower Tier Interest and does not have a principal balance.
(79)This Lower Tier Interest is an interest-only Lower Tier Interest and does not have a principal balance.
(80)This Lower Tier Interest is an interest-only Lower Tier Interest and does not have a principal balance.
(81)This Lower Tier Interest is an interest-only Lower Tier Interest and does not have a principal balance.
(82)This Lower Tier Interest is an interest-only Lower Tier Interest and does not have a principal balance.
(83)This Lower Tier Interest is an interest-only Lower Tier Interest and does not have a principal balance.
(84)This Lower Tier Interest is an interest-only Lower Tier Interest and does not have a principal balance.
(85)This Lower Tier Interest is an interest-only Lower Tier Interest and does not have a principal balance.
(86)This Lower Tier Interest is an interest-only Lower Tier Interest and does not have a principal balance.
(87)This Lower Tier Interest is an interest-only Lower Tier Interest and does not have a principal balance.
(88)This Lower Tier Interest is an interest-only Lower Tier Interest and does not have a principal balance.
(89)This Lower Tier Interest is an interest-only Lower Tier Interest and does not have a principal balance.
(90)This Lower Tier Interest is an interest-only Lower Tier Interest and does not have a principal balance.
(91)This Lower Tier Interest is an interest-only Lower Tier Interest and does not have a principal balance.
(92)This Lower Tier Interest is an interest-only Lower Tier Interest and does not have a principal balance.
(93)This Lower Tier Interest is an interest-only Lower Tier Interest and does not have a principal balance.
(94)This Lower Tier Interest is an interest-only Lower Tier Interest and does not have a principal balance.
(95)This Lower Tier Interest is an interest-only Lower Tier Interest and does not have a principal balance.
(96)This Lower Tier Interest is an interest-only Lower Tier Interest and does not have a principal balance.
(97)This Lower Tier Interest is an interest-only Lower Tier Interest and does not have a principal balance.
(98)This Lower Tier Interest is an interest-only Lower Tier Interest and does not have a principal balance.
(99)This Lower Tier Interest is an interest-only Lower Tier Interest and does not have a principal balance.
(100)This Lower Tier Interest is an interest-only Lower Tier Interest and does not have a principal balance.
(101)This Lower Tier Interest is an interest-only Lower Tier Interest and does not have a principal balance.
(102)This Lower Tier Interest is an interest-only Lower Tier Interest and does not have a principal balance.
(103)This Lower Tier Interest is an interest-only Lower Tier Interest and does not have a principal balance.
(104)This Lower Tier Interest is an interest-only Lower Tier Interest and does not have a principal balance.
(105)This Lower Tier Interest is an interest-only Lower Tier Interest and does not have a principal balance.
(106)This Lower Tier Interest is an interest-only Lower Tier Interest and does not have a principal balance.
(107)This Lower Tier Interest is an interest-only Lower Tier Interest and does not have a principal balance.
(108)This Lower Tier Interest is an interest-only Lower Tier Interest and does not have a principal balance.
(109)This Lower Tier Interest is an interest-only Lower Tier Interest and does not have a principal balance.
(110)This Lower Tier Interest is an interest-only Lower Tier Interest and does not have a principal balance.
(111)This Lower Tier Interest is an interest-only Lower Tier Interest and does not have a principal balance.
(112)This Lower Tier Interest is an interest-only Lower Tier Interest and does not have a principal balance.
(113)This Lower Tier Interest is an interest-only Lower Tier Interest and does not have a principal balance.
(114)This Lower Tier Interest is an interest-only Lower Tier Interest and does not have a principal balance.
(115)This Lower Tier Interest is an interest-only Lower Tier Interest and does not have a principal balance.
(116)This Lower Tier Interest is an interest-only Lower Tier Interest and does not have a principal balance.
(117)This Lower Tier Interest is an interest-only Lower Tier Interest and does not have a principal balance.
(118)This Lower Tier Interest is an interest-only Lower Tier Interest and does not have a principal balance.
(119)This Lower Tier Interest is an interest-only Lower Tier Interest and does not have a principal balance.
(120)This Lower Tier Interest is an interest-only Lower Tier Interest and does not have a principal balance.
(121)This Lower Tier Interest is an interest-only Lower Tier Interest and does not have a principal balance.
(122)This Lower Tier Interest is an interest-only Lower Tier Interest and does not have a principal balance.
(123)This Lower Tier Interest shall have an initial principal balance equal to the excess of (i) the Pool 1 Balance over (ii) the aggregate principal balance of the remaining Lower Tier Interests with “-1” in their designation.
(125)This Lower Tier Interest shall have an initial principal balance equal to the excess of (i) the Pool 2 Balance over (ii) the aggregate principal balance of the remaining Lower Tier Interests with “-2” in their designation.
(127)The LT2-R Lower Tier Interest shall not have a principal amount and shall not bear interest.
(3)This Lower Tier Interest is an interest-only Lower Tier Interest and does not have a principal balance.
(4)The Class LT3-R interest is the sole class of residual interests in REMIC 3.
(5)This Lower Tier Interest shall have an initial principal balance equal to the excess of (i) one half of the initial Class Principal Balance of the Class LT3-Senior-2 over (ii) the aggregate initial principal balance of the Class LT4-A3 and Class LT4-A4(1) Interests.
(7)This Lower Tier Interest shall have an initial principal balance equal to the excess of (i) the Pool Balance as of the Cut-Off Date over (ii) the aggregate initial principal balance of remaining Lower Tier Interests in REMIC 4(8)This Lower Tier Interest is an interest-only Lower Tier Interest and does not have a principal balance.
(9)The Class LT4-R interest is the sole class of residual interests in REMIC 4.
It does not have an interest rate or a principal balance.On each Distribution Date, interest shall be deemed to have been distributed with respect to each of the Lower Tier Interests in REMIC 4 based on the above-described interest rates, provided, however, that interest that accrues on the Class LT4-Q Lower Tier Interest shall be deemed to be deferred to the extent necessary to make the principal distributions described below for such Distribution Date.
(4)The interest rate with respect to any Distribution Date (and the related Accrual Period) for this interest is the Component Interest Rate of the A4(1) Component.
The notional component has a notional Class Principal Amount that at all times will equal the aggregate of the Class Principal Amounts of the Lower Tier Interests in REMIC 4 (i.e., the Aggregate Pool Balance).
For any Distribution Date, interest that accrues on the notional component of the Class X Certificates shall be deferred to the extent of any increase in the Overcollateralization Amount on such date.
Such deferred interest shall not itself bear interest.
(17)The Class LT5-R Interest shall be issued without a Class Principal Amount and will not bear interest at a stated rate.
On each Distribution Date, interest shall be deemed to have been distributed with respect to each of the Interests in REMIC 5 based on the above-described interest rates.
On each Distribution Date, principal shall be deemed to have been distributed, and Realized Losses shall be allocated, to each Interest in REMIC 5 in an amount equal to the principal distributions and Realized Loss allocations for such Distribution Date with respect to the Corresponding Class of Certificates or Component related to such Interest.Certificates:The following table sets forth (or describes) the Class designation, Certificate Interest Rate, initial Class Principal Amount and minimum denomination for each Class of Certificates comprising interests in the Trust Fund created hereunder.
For purposes of the REMIC Provisions, the Class A1 Certificates shall represent beneficial ownership of the Class LT5-A1 Interest in REMIC 5.
Any amount distributed on the Class A1 Certificates on any Distribution Date in excess of the amount distributable on the LT5-A1 Interest on such Distribution Date shall be treated as having been paid from the Basis Risk Reserve Fund or the Supplemental Interest Trust, as applicable, and any amount distributable on the Class LT5-A1 Lower Tier Interest in REMIC 5 on such Distribution Date in excess of the amount distributable on the Class A1 Certificates on such Distribution Date shall be treated as having been paid to the Supplemental Interest Trust, all pursuant to and as further provided in Section 10.01(n) hereof.
For purposes of the REMIC Provisions, the Class A2 Certificates shall represent beneficial ownership of the Class LT5-A2 Interest in REMIC 5.
Any amount distributed on the Class A2 Certificates on any Distribution Date in excess of the amount distributable on the LT5-A2 Interest on such Distribution Date shall be treated as having been paid from the Basis Risk Reserve Fund or the Supplemental Interest Trust, as applicable, and any amount distributable on the Class LT5-A2 Lower Tier Interest in REMIC 5 on such Distribution Date in excess of the amount distributable on the Class A2 Certificates on such Distribution Date shall be treated as having been paid to the Supplemental Interest Trust, all pursuant to and as further provided in Section 10.01(n) hereof.
For purposes of the REMIC Provisions, the Class A3 Certificates shall represent beneficial ownership of the Class LT5-A3 Interest in REMIC 5.
Any amount distributed on the Class A3 Certificates on any Distribution Date in excess of the amount distributable on the LT5-A3 Interest on such Distribution Date shall be treated as having been paid from the Basis Risk Reserve Fund or the Supplemental Interest Trust, as applicable, and any amount distributable on the Class LT5-A3 Lower Tier Interest in REMIC 5 on such Distribution Date in excess of the amount distributable on the Class A3 Certificates on such Distribution Date shall be treated as having been paid to the Supplemental Interest Trust, all pursuant to and as further provided in Section 10.01(n) hereof.
(4)The Certificate Interest Rate with respect to any Distribution Date (and the related Accrual Period) for the Class A4 Certificates is the weighted average Component Interest Rate of the A4(1) and A4(2) Components, weighted on the basis of their related Component Principal Amounts.
For purposes of the REMIC Provisions, the A4(1) Component and A4(2) Component shall represent beneficial ownership of the Class LT5-A4(1) and Class LT5-A4(2) Interests, respectively, in REMIC 5.
For purposes of the REMIC Provisions, the Class M1 Certificates shall represent beneficial ownership of the Class LT5-M1 Interest in REMIC 5.
Any amount distributed on the Class M1 Certificates on any Distribution Date in excess of the amount distributable on the LT5-M1 Interest on such Distribution Date shall be treated as having been paid from the Basis Risk Reserve Fund or the Supplemental Interest Trust, as applicable, and any amount distributable on the Class LT5-M1 Lower Tier Interest in REMIC 5 on such Distribution Date in excess of the amount distributable on the Class M1 Certificates on such Distribution Date shall be treated as having been paid to the Supplemental Interest Trust, all pursuant to and as further provided in Section 10.01(n) hereof.
For purposes of the REMIC Provisions, the Class M2 Certificates shall represent beneficial ownership of the Class LT5-M2 Interest in REMIC 5.
Any amount distributed on the Class M2 Certificates on any Distribution Date in excess of the amount distributable on the LT5-M2 Interest on such Distribution Date shall be treated as having been paid from the Basis Risk Reserve Fund or the Supplemental Interest Trust, as applicable, and any amount distributable on the Class LT5-M2 Lower Tier Interest in REMIC 5 on such Distribution Date in excess of the amount distributable on the Class M2 Certificates on such Distribution Date shall be treated as having been paid to the Supplemental Interest Trust, all pursuant to and as further provided in Section 10.01(n) hereof.
For purposes of the REMIC Provisions, the Class M3 Certificates shall represent beneficial ownership of the Class LT5-M3 Interest in REMIC 5.
Any amount distributed on the Class M3 Certificates on any Distribution Date in excess of the amount distributable on the LT5-M3 Interest on such Distribution Date shall be treated as having been paid from the Basis Risk Reserve Fund or the Supplemental Interest Trust, as applicable, and any amount distributable on the Class LT5-M3 Lower Tier Interest in REMIC 5 on such Distribution Date in excess of the amount distributable on the Class M3 Certificates on such Distribution Date shall be treated as having been paid to the Supplemental Interest Trust, all pursuant to and as further provided in Section 10.01(n) hereof.
For purposes of the REMIC Provisions, the Class M4 Certificates shall represent beneficial ownership of the Class LT5-M4 Interest in REMIC 5.
Any amount distributed on the Class M4 Certificates on any Distribution Date in excess of the amount distributable on the LT5-M4 Interest on such Distribution Date shall be treated as having been paid from the Basis Risk Reserve Fund or the Supplemental Interest Trust, as applicable, and any amount distributable on the Class LT5-M4 Lower Tier Interest in REMIC 5 on such Distribution Date in excess of the amount distributable on the Class M4 Certificates on such Distribution Date shall be treated as having been paid to the Supplemental Interest Trust, all pursuant to and as further provided in Section 10.01(n) hereof.
For purposes of the REMIC Provisions, the Class M5 Certificates shall represent beneficial ownership of the Class LT5-M5 Interest in REMIC 5.
Any amount distributed on the Class M5 Certificates on any Distribution Date in excess of the amount distributable on the LT5-M5 Interest on such Distribution Date shall be treated as having been paid from the Basis Risk Reserve Fund or the Supplemental Interest Trust, as applicable, and any amount distributable on the Class LT5-M5 Lower Tier Interest in REMIC 5 on such Distribution Date in excess of the amount distributable on the Class M5 Certificates on such Distribution Date shall be treated as having been paid to the Supplemental Interest Trust, all pursuant to and as further provided in Section 10.01(n) hereof.
For purposes of the REMIC Provisions, the Class M6 Certificates shall represent beneficial ownership of the Class LT5-M6 Interest in REMIC 5.
Any amount distributed on the Class M6 Certificates on any Distribution Date in excess of the amount distributable on the LT5-M6 Interest on such Distribution Date shall be treated as having been paid from the Basis Risk Reserve Fund or the Supplemental Interest Trust, as applicable, and any amount distributable on the Class LT5-M6 Lower Tier Interest in REMIC 5 on such Distribution Date in excess of the amount distributable on the Class M6 Certificates on such Distribution Date shall be treated as having been paid to the Supplemental Interest Trust, all pursuant to and as further provided in Section 10.01(n) hereof.
For purposes of the REMIC Provisions, the Class M7 Certificates shall represent beneficial ownership of the Class LT5-M7 Interest in REMIC 5.
Any amount distributed on the Class M7 Certificates on any Distribution Date in excess of the amount distributable on the LT5-M7 Interest on such Distribution Date shall be treated as having been paid from the Basis Risk Reserve Fund or the Supplemental Interest Trust, as applicable, and any amount distributable on the Class LT5-M7 Lower Tier Interest in REMIC 5 on such Distribution Date in excess of the amount distributable on the Class M7 Certificates on such Distribution Date shall be treated as having been paid to the Supplemental Interest Trust, all pursuant to and as further provided in Section 10.01(n) hereof.
For purposes of the REMIC Provisions, the Class M8 Certificates shall represent beneficial ownership of the Class LT5-M8 Interest in REMIC 5.
Any amount distributed on the Class M8 Certificates on any Distribution Date in excess of the amount distributable on the LT5-M8 Interest on such Distribution Date shall be treated as having been paid from the Basis Risk Reserve Fund or the Supplemental Interest Trust, as applicable, and any amount distributable on the Class LT5-M8 Lower Tier Interest in REMIC 5 on such Distribution Date in excess of the amount distributable on the Class M8 Certificates on such Distribution Date shall be treated as having been paid to the Supplemental Interest Trust, all pursuant to and as further provided in Section 10.01(n) hereof.
For purposes of the REMIC Provisions, the Class M9 Certificates shall represent beneficial ownership of the Class LT5-M9 Interest in REMIC 5.
Any amount distributed on the Class M9 Certificates on any Distribution Date in excess of the amount distributable on the LT5-M9 Interest on such Distribution Date shall be treated as having been paid from the Basis Risk Reserve Fund or the Supplemental Interest Trust, as applicable, and any amount distributable on the Class LT5-M9 Lower Tier Interest in REMIC 5 on such Distribution Date in excess of the amount distributable on the Class M9 Certificates on such Distribution Date shall be treated as having been paid to the Supplemental Interest Trust, all pursuant to and as further provided in Section 10.01(n) hereof.
For purposes of the REMIC Provisions, the Class B Certificates shall represent beneficial ownership of the Class LT5-B Interest in REMIC 5.
Any amount distributed on the Class B Certificates on any Distribution Date in excess of the amount distributable on the LT5-B Interest on such Distribution Date shall be treated as having been paid from the Basis Risk Reserve Fund or the Supplemental Interest Trust, as applicable, and any amount distributable on the Class LT5-B Lower Tier Interest in REMIC 5 on such Distribution Date in excess of the amount distributable on the Class B Certificates on such Distribution Date shall be treated as having been paid to the Supplemental Interest Trust, all pursuant to and as further provided in Section 10.01(n) hereof.
(15)For purposes of the REMIC Provisions, Class X shall represent (i) beneficial ownership of the Class LT5-X and Class LT5-I Interests in REMIC 5; (ii) beneficial ownership of the Basis Risk Reserve Fund; (iii) beneficial ownership of the Supplemental Interest Trust, including the Swap Agreement, and (iv) an interest in the notional principal contracts described in Section 10.01(n) hereof.
(16)The Class R Certificate will be issued without a Class Principal Amount and will not bear interest at a stated rate.
The Class R Certificate represents ownership of the residual interest in the Upper Tier REMIC, as well as ownership of the Class LT1-R Interest, Class LT2-R Interest, Class LT3-R Interest, Class LT4-R Interest and Class LT5-R Interest.
The Class R Certificates will be issued as a single Certificate evidencing the entire Percentage Interest in such Class.
For purposes of the REMIC Provisions, Class P shall represent beneficial ownership of the Class LT5-P Interest in REMIC 5.
The following words and phrases, unless the context otherwise requires, shall have the following meanings:Accepted Servicing Practices:  As provided in each Servicing Agreement.Accountant:  A person engaged in the practice of accounting who (except when this Agreement provides that an Accountant must be Independent) may be employed by or affiliated with the Depositor or an Affiliate of the Depositor.Accrual Period:  With respect to each Class of Offered Certificates, the Class B Certificates and each Component and any Distribution Date, the period beginning on the Distribution Date in the calendar month immediately preceding the month in which the related Distribution Date occurs (or, in the case of the first Distribution Date, beginning on December 25, 2004) and ending on the day immediately preceding the related Distribution Date, as calculated in accordance with Section 1.03.Act:  As defined in Section 3.03(c).Additional Collateral:  None.Additional Termination Event:  As defined in the Swap Agreement.Adjustable Rate Mortgage Loan:  Any Mortgage Loan as to which the related Mortgage Note provides for the adjustment of the Mortgage Rate applicable thereto.Adjusted Lower Tier WAC:  For any Distribution Date (and the related Accrual Period), the product of (i) four, multiplied by (ii) the weighted average of the interest rates for such Distribution Date for the Class LT4-A1, Class LT4-A2, Class LT4-A3, Class LT4-A4(1), Class LT4-A4(2), Class LT4-M1, Class LT4-M2, Class LT4-M3, Class LT4-M4, Class LT4-M5, Class LT4-M6, Class LT4-M7, Class LT4-M8, Class LT4-M9, Class LT4-B, LT4-Pool 1, Class LT4-Pool 2, Class LT4-Sub, and Class LT4-Q Interests, determined for this purpose by first subjecting the rate payable on the Class LT4-Pool 1, Class LT4-Pool 2, Class LT4-Sub, and LT4-Q Interests to a cap of zero, and subjecting the rate payable on the Class LT4-A1, Class LT4-A2, Class LT4-A3, Class LT4-A4(1), Class LT4-A4(2), Class LT4-M1, Class LT4-M2, Class LT4-M3, Class LT4-M4, Class LT4-M5, Class LT4-M6, Class LT4-M7, Class LT4-M8, Class LT4-M9, and Class LT4-B Interests to a cap that corresponds to the Certificate Interest Rate for the Corresponding Class of Certificates for such Distribution Date.
Advance:  With respect to a Mortgage Loan other than a Simple Interest Mortgage Loan, an advance of the aggregate of payments of principal and interest (net of the applicable Servicing Fee) on one or more Mortgage Loans that were due on a Due Date in the related Collection Period and not received as of the close of business on the related Determination Date, required to be made by or on behalf of the Master Servicer and any Servicer (or by the Securities Administrator as successor to the Master Servicer) pursuant to Section 5.04, but only to the extent that such amount is expected, in the reasonable judgment of the Master Servicer or Servicer (or by the Securities Administrator as successor to the Master Servicer), to be recoverable from collections or recoveries in respect of such Mortgage Loans.
With respect to a Simple Interest Mortgage Loan, an advance of an amount equal to the interest accrual on such Simple Interest Mortgage Loan through the related Due Date but not received as of the close of business on the related Distribution Date (net of applicable Servicing Fee) required to be made by or on behalf of the Master Servicer or any Servicer (or by the Securities Administrator as successor to the Master Servicer) pursuant to Section 5.04, but only to the extent that such amount is expected, in the reasonable judgment of the Master Servicer or Servicer (or by the Securities Administrator as successor to the Master Servicer), to be recoverable from collections or recoveries in respect of such Simple Interest Mortgage Loans.Adverse REMIC Event:  Either (i) the loss of status as a REMIC, within the meaning of Section 860D of the Code, for any group of assets identified as a REMIC in the Preliminary Statement to this Agreement, or (ii) the imposition of any tax, including the tax imposed under Section 860F(a)(1) on prohibited transactions and the tax imposed under Section 860G(d) on certain contributions to a REMIC, on any REMIC created hereunder to the extent such tax would be payable from assets held as part of the Trust Fund.
Affected Party:  As defined in the Swap Agreement.Affiliate:  With respect to any specified Person, any other Person controlling or controlled by or under common control with such specified Person.
For the purposes of this definition, “control” when used with respect to any specified Person means the power to direct the management and policies of such Person, directly or indirectly, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise; and the terms “controlling” and “controlled” have meanings correlative to the foregoing.Aggregate Expense Rate:  With respect to any Mortgage Loan, the sum of the Servicing Fee Rate, the Securities Administrator Fee Rate and the applicable Insurance Fee Rate, in the case of any Mortgage Loan covered by a Bulk PMI Policies or a LPMI Policy.Aggregate Pool Balance:  As of any date of determination, the aggregate of the Pool Balances of Pool 1 and Pool 2 on such date.Aggregate Overcollateralization Release Amount:  With respect to any Distribution Date, the lesser of (x) the aggregate of the Principal Remittance Amounts for each Mortgage Pool for such Distribution Date and (y) the amount, if any, by which (i) the Overcollateralization Amount for such date, calculated for this purpose on the basis of the assumption that 100% of the aggregate of the Principal Remittance Amounts for such Distribution Date is applied on such date in reduction of the aggregate Certificate Principal Amount of the Certificates, exceeds (ii) the Targeted Overcollateralization Amount for such Distribution Date.
Aggregate Voting Interests:  The aggregate of the Voting Interests of all the Certificates under this Agreement.Agreement:  This Trust Agreement and all amendments and supplements hereto.Anniversary Year:  The one-year period beginning on the Closing Date and ending on the first anniversary thereof, and each subsequent one-year period beginning on the day after the end of the preceding Anniversary Year and ending on next succeeding anniversary of the Closing Date.Applied Loss Amount:  With respect to any Distribution Date, the amount, if any, by which (x) the aggregate Certificate Principal Amount of the Certificates after giving effect to distributions of principal on such Distribution Date, but before giving effect to any application of the Applied Loss Amount with respect to such date, exceeds (y) the Aggregate Pool Balance for such Distribution Date.Appraised Value:  With respect to any Mortgage Loan, the amount set forth in an appraisal made in connection with the origination of such Mortgage Loan as the value of the related Mortgaged Property.Assignment of Mortgage:  An assignment of the Mortgage, notice of transfer or equivalent instrument, in recordable form, sufficient under the laws of the jurisdiction wherein the related Mortgaged Property is located to reflect the sale of the Mortgage to the Trustee, which assignment, notice of transfer or equivalent instrument may be in the form of one or more blanket assignments covering the Mortgage Loans secured by Mortgaged Properties located in the same jurisdiction, if permitted by law; provided, however, that neither a Custodian nor the Trustee shall be responsible for determining whether any such assignment is in recordable form.Authenticating Agent:  Any authenticating agent appointed by the Trustee pursuant to Section 6.10.Authorized Officer:  Any Person who may execute an Officer’s Certificate on behalf of the Depositor.B Principal Distribution Amount:  With respect to any Distribution Date on or after the Stepdown Date and as long as a Trigger Event is not in effect with respect to such Distribution Date, the amount, if any, by which (x) the sum of (i) the aggregate Class Principal Amount of the Senior Certificates and the Class M1, Class M2, Class M3, Class M4, Class M5, Class M6, Class M7, Class M8 and Class M9 Certificates, in each case after giving effect to distributions on such Distribution Date and (ii) the Class Principal Amount of the Class B Certificates immediately prior to such Distribution Date exceeds (y) the B Target Amount.B Target Amount:  With respect to any Distribution Date, an amount equal to the lesser of (a) the product of (i) 99.00% and (ii) the Aggregate Pool Balance for such Distribution Date determined as of the last day of the related Collection Period and (b) the amount, if any, by which (i) the Aggregate Pool Balance for such Distribution Date determined as of the last day of the related Collection Period exceeds (ii) the Targeted Overcollateralization Amount for such Distribution Date.Balloon Mortgage Loan:  Any Mortgage Loan having an original term to maturity that is shorter than its amortization schedule, and a final Scheduled Payment that is disproportionately large in comparison to other Scheduled Payments.Balloon Payment:  The final Scheduled Payment in respect of a Balloon Mortgage Loan.Bankruptcy:  As to any Person, the making of an assignment for the benefit of creditors, the filing of a voluntary petition in bankruptcy, adjudication as a bankrupt or insolvent, the entry of an order for relief in a bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding, the seeking of reorganization, arrangement, composition, readjustment, liquidation, dissolution or similar relief, or seeking, consenting to or acquiescing in the appointment of a trustee, receiver or liquidator, dissolution, or termination, as the case may be, of such Person pursuant to the provisions of either the Bankruptcy Code or any other similar state laws.Bankruptcy Code:  The United States Bankruptcy Code of 1986, as amended.Basis Risk Payment:  With respect to any Distribution Date, the sum of (i) any Basis Risk Shortfall for such Distribution Date, (ii) any Unpaid Basis Risk Shortfall from previous Distribution Dates and (iii) any Required Reserve Fund Amount for such Distribution Date.
The amount of the Basis Risk Payment for any Distribution Date cannot exceed the amount of Monthly Excess Cashflow otherwise available for distribution pursuant to Section 5.02(e)(iii) of this Agreement.
Basis Risk Reserve Fund:  A fund created as part of the Trust Fund pursuant to Section 5.06 of this Agreement but which is not an asset of any of the REMICs.Basis Risk Shortfall:  With respect to any Distribution Date and any Class of Offered Certificates (other than the Class A4 Certificates), the Class B Certificates and the A4(1) and A4(2) Components, the amount by which the amount of interest calculated at the Certificate Interest Rate or Component Interest Rate applicable to such Class or Component for such date, determined without regard to the Pool 1 Net Funds Cap, Pool 2 Net Funds Cap or Subordinate Net Funds Cap, as applicable, for such date but subject to a cap equal to the Maximum Interest Rate, exceeds the amount of interest calculated at the Pool 1 Net Funds Cap, Pool 2 Net Funds Cap or Subordinate Net Funds Cap, as applicable.Benefit Plan Opinion:  An Opinion of Counsel satisfactory to the Depositor and the Trustee to the effect that any proposed transfer of Certificates will not (i) cause the assets of the Trust Fund to be regarded as plan assets for purposes of the Plan Asset Regulations or (ii) give rise to any fiduciary duty on the part of the Depositor or the Trustee, respectively.Book-Entry Certificates:  Beneficial interests in Certificates designated as “Book-Entry Certificates” in this Agreement, ownership and transfers of which shall be evidenced or made through book entries by a Clearing Agency as described in Section 3.09; provided, that after the occurrence of a condition whereupon book-entry registration and transfer are no longer permitted and Definitive Certificates are to be issued to Certificate Owners, such Book-Entry Certificates shall no longer be “Book-Entry Certificates.”  As of the Closing Date, each Class of Offered Certificates and the Class B Certificates constitutes Book-Entry Certificates.Bulk PMI Policy:  The Radian Guaranty primary private mortgage insurance policy No.
22091 and related Mortgage Guaranty Commitment Certificate reference ID# 04-998081 and related Assignment.Business Day:  Any day other than (i) a Saturday or a Sunday, (ii) a day on which banking institutions in New York, New York or, if other than New York, the city in which the Corporate Trust Office of the Trustee is located, or the States of Illinois, Maryland, Minnesota or Colorado are closed, or (iii) with respect to any Servicer Remittance Date or any Servicer reporting date, the States specified in the definition of “Business Day” in the related Servicing Agreement, are authorized or obligated by law or executive order to be closed.Carryforward Interest:  With respect to any Class of Offered Certificates (other than the Class A4 Certificates), the Class B Certificates or any Component of the Class A4 Certificates and any Distribution Date, the sum of (i) the amount, if any, by which (x) the sum of (A) Current Interest for such Class (or any Component thereof) for the immediately preceding Distribution Date and (B) any unpaid Carryforward Interest for such Class (or any Component thereof) from previous Distribution Dates exceeds (y) the amount distributed in respect of interest on such Class (or Component thereof) on such immediately preceding Distribution Date, and (ii) interest on such amount for the related Accrual Period at the applicable Certificate Interest Rate.
Carryforward Interest with respect to the Class A4 Certificates and any Distribution Date will equal the aggregate Carryforward Interest on the Components thereof.Certificate:  Any one of the certificates signed and countersigned by the Trustee in substantially the forms attached hereto as Exhibit A.Certificate Account:  The account maintained by the Trustee in accordance with the provisions of Section 4.04.Certificate Interest Rate:  With respect to each Class of Certificates and any Distribution Date, the applicable per annum rate set forth or described under the heading “Certificates” in the Preliminary Statement hereto.Certificate Owner:  With respect to a Book-Entry Certificate, the Person who is the owner of such Book-Entry Certificate, as reflected on the books of the Clearing Agency, or on the books of a Person maintaining an account with such Clearing Agency (directly or as an indirect participant, in accordance with the rules of such Clearing Agency).Certificate Principal Amount:  With respect to any Offered Certificate or Class B Certificate, the initial Certificate Principal Amount thereof on the Closing Date, less the amount of all principal distributions previously distributed with respect to such Certificate and, in the case of the Subordinate Certificates, any Applied Loss Amount previously allocated to such Certificate; provided, however, that on each Distribution Date on which a Subsequent Recovery is distributed, the Certificate Principal Amount of any Class of Subordinate Certificate whose Certificate Principal Amount has previously been reduced by application of Applied Loss Amounts will be increased, in order of seniority, by an amount (to be applied pro rata to all Certificates of such Class) equal to the lesser of (1) any Deferred Amount for each such Class immediately prior to such Distribution Date and (2) the total amount of any Subsequent Recovery distributed on such Distribution Date to Certificateholders, after application (for this purpose) to any more senior Classes of Certificates.
The Class X and Class R Certificates are issued without Certificate Principal Amounts.
The Class P Certificates are issued with an initial Class P Principal Amount of $100.Certificate Register and Certificate Registrar:   The register maintained and the registrar appointed pursuant to Section 3.02.Certificateholder:  The meaning provided in the definition of “Holder.”Civil Relief Act:  The Servicemembers Civil Relief Act or any similar state or local statute.Class:  All Certificates, in the case of REMIC 5, all interests bearing the same class designation, and, in the case of REMIC 1, REMIC 2, REMIC 3 and REMIC 4, all Lower Tier Interests, bearing the same class designation.Class I Shortfalls:  As defined in Section 10.01(n) hereof.
For purposes of clarity, the Class I Shortfall for any Distribution Date shall equal the amount payable to the Swap Counterparty on such Distribution Date in excess of the amount payable on the Class I interest in REMIC 5 on such Distribution Date, all as further provided in Section 10.01(n) hereof.Class M Certificates:  Collectively, the Class M1, Class M2, Class M3, Class M4, Class M5, Class M6, Class M7, Class M8 and Class M9 Certificates.Class Notional Amount:  Not applicable.
The Class Principal Amount of the Class A4 Certificates for any date shall be equal to the sum of the applicable Component Principal Amounts as of such date.
With respect to the Class X, Class P and Class R Certificates, zero.
With respect to any Lower Tier Interest, the initial Class Principal Amount as shown or described in the table set forth in the Preliminary Statement to this Agreement for the issuing REMIC, as reduced by principal distributed with respect to such Lower Tier Interest and Realized Losses allocated to such Lower Tier Interest.Class R Certificate:  Each Class R Certificate executed by the Trustee, and authenticated and delivered by the Certificate Registrar, substantially in the form annexed hereto as Exhibit A and evidencing the ownership of the Class LT1-R Interest, Class LT2-R Interest, Class LT3-R Interest, Class LT4-R Interest and the residual interest in the Upper Tier REMIC.Class X Distributable Amount:  With respect to any Distribution Date, the amount of interest that has accrued on the Class X Notional Balance, as described in the Preliminary Statement, but that has not been distributed prior to such date.
As of the Closing Date, the Clearing Agency shall be The Depository Trust Company.Clearing Agency Participant:  A broker, dealer, bank, other financial institution or other Person for whom from time to time a Clearing Agency effects book-entry transfers and pledges of securities deposited with the Clearing Agency.Clearstream:  Clearstream Banking Luxembourg, and any successor thereto.Closing Date:  December 30, 2004.Code:  The Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and as it may be further amended from time to time, any successor statutes thereto, and applicable U.S. Department of Treasury regulations issued pursuant thereto in temporary or final form.Collection Account:  A separate account established and maintained by the Master Servicer pursuant to Section 4.01.Collection Period:  With respect to any Distribution Date, the period commencing on the second day of the month immediately preceding the month in which such Distribution Date occurs and ending on the first day of the month in which such Distribution Date occurs.Compensating Interest Payment:  With respect to any Distribution Date, an amount equal to the aggregate amount of any Prepayment Interest Shortfalls required to be paid by the Servicers with respect to such Distribution Date.
The Master Servicer shall not be responsible for making any Compensating Interest Payment.Component:  The A4(1) Component or A4(2) Component of the Class A4 Certificates.Component Interest Rate:  For each of the A4(1) and A4(2) Components, as provided in the Preliminary Statement hereto.Component Principal Amount:  With respect to each of the A4(1) and A4(2) Components and any Distribution Date, the initial Component Principal Amount thereof on the Closing Date, less the amount of all principal distributions previously made with respect to such Component.
As of the Closing Date, the initial Component Principal Amount of the A4(1) Component is $486,013,000.00 and the initial Component Principal Amount of the A4(2) Component is $123,375,000.00.Conventional Loan:  A Mortgage Loan that is not insured by the United States Federal Housing Administration or guaranteed by the United States Department of Veterans Affairs.Cooperative Corporation:  The entity that holds title (fee or an acceptable leasehold estate) to the real property and improvements constituting the Cooperative Property and which governs the Cooperative Property, which Cooperative Corporation must qualify as a Cooperative Housing Corporation under Section 216 of the Code.Cooperative Loan:  Any Mortgage Loan secured by Cooperative Shares and a Proprietary Lease.Cooperative Loan Documents:  As to any Cooperative Loan, (i) the Cooperative Shares, together with a stock power in blank; (ii) the original executed Security Agreement and the assignment of the Security Agreement endorsed in blank; (iii) the original executed Proprietary Lease and the assignment of the Proprietary Lease endorsed in blank; (iv) the original executed Recognition Agreement and the assignment of the Recognition Agreement (or a blanket assignment of all Recognition Agreements) endorsed in blank; (v) the executed UCC-1 financing statement with evidence of recording thereon, which has been filed in all places required to perfect the security interest in the Cooperative Shares and the Proprietary Lease; and (vi) executed UCC-3 financing statements (or copies thereof) or other appropriate UCC financing statements required by state law, evidencing a complete and unbroken line from the mortgagee to the Trustee with evidence of recording thereon (or in a form suitable for recordation).Cooperative Property:  The real property and improvements owned by the Cooperative Corporation, that includes the allocation of individual dwelling units to the holders of the Cooperative Shares of the Cooperative Corporation.Cooperative Shares:  Shares issued by a Cooperative Corporation.Cooperative Unit:  A single-family dwelling located in a Cooperative Property.Corporate Trust Office:  The principal corporate trust office of the Trustee at which, at any particular time, its corporate trust business shall be administered, which office at the date hereof is located at 135 S. LaSalle Street, Suite 1625, Chicago, Illinois 60603, Attention:  Asset-Backed Securities Trust Services Group — SAIL 2004-11.Corresponding Class:  The Class of Certificates that corresponds to a class of interests in REMIC 3, REMIC 4 or REMIC 5, as provided in the Preliminary Statement.Corresponding REMIC 2 IO:  The interest-only Lower Tier Interest in REMIC 2 with the same numerical class designation.Credit Risk Management Agreement:  Each credit risk management agreement dated as of the Closing Date, entered into by a Servicer and the Credit Risk Manager, identified on Exhibit M attached hereto.Credit Risk Manager:  The Murrayhill Company, a Colorado corporation, and its successors and assigns.Credit Risk Manager’s Fee:  With respect to any Distribution Date and each Mortgage Loan, an amount equal to the product of (a) one twelfth, (b) the Credit Risk Manager’s Fee Rate and (c) the Scheduled Principal Balance of such Mortgage Loan as of the first day of the related Collection Period.Credit Risk Manager’s Fee Rate:  0.011% per annum.Cumulative Loss Trigger Event:  A Cumulative Loss Trigger Event shall have occurred with respect to any Distribution Date if the fraction, expressed as a percentage, obtained by dividing (x) the aggregate amount of cumulative Realized Losses incurred on the Mortgage Loans from the Cut-off Date through the last day of the related Collection Period by (y) the Cut-off Date Balance exceeds the applicable percentages described below with respect to such Distribution Date:Distribution DateLoss PercentageJanuary 2008 to December 2008
4.60%Current Interest:  With respect to any Class of Offered Certificates (other than the Class A4 Certificates), the Class B Certificates or any Component of the Class A4 Certificates and any Distribution Date, the aggregate amount of interest accrued at the applicable Certificate Interest Rate or Component Interest Rate, as applicable, during the related Accrual Period on the Class Principal Amount of such Class (or the Component Principal Amount of such Component) immediately prior to such Distribution Date.
Current Interest with respect to the Class A4 and any Distribution Date will equal the aggregate Current Interest on the Components of such Class.Custodial Account:  Any custodial account (other than an Escrow Account) established and maintained by a Servicer pursuant to a Servicing Agreement.Custodial Agreement:  Each custodial agreement identified on Exhibit K hereto, and any custodial agreement subsequently executed by the Trustee and acknowledged by the Master Servicer substantially in the form thereof.Custodian:  Each custodian appointed by the Trustee pursuant to a Custodial Agreement, and any successor thereto.
The initial Custodians are Deutsche Bank National Trust Company, LaSalle Bank National Association, U.S. Bank National Association and Wells Fargo Bank, N.A.Cut-off Date:  December 1, 2004.Cut-off Date Balance:  The Aggregate Pool Balance as of the Cut-off Date.DBRS:  Dominion Bond Rating Service, Inc., or any successor in interest.Debt Service Reduction: With respect to any Mortgage Loan, a reduction of the Scheduled Payment that the related Mortgagor is obligated to pay on any Due Date as a result of, or in connection with, any proceeding under Bankruptcy law or any similar proceeding.Defaulting Party:  As defined in the Swap Agreement.Deferred Amount:  With respect to any Distribution Date and each Class of the Subordinate Certificates, the amount by which (x) the aggregate of Applied Loss Amounts previously applied in reduction of the Class Principal Amount thereof exceeds (y) the sum of (1) the aggregate of amounts previously reimbursed in respect thereof and (2) the amount by which the Class Principal Amount of such Class has been increased due to any Subsequent Recovery.Definitive Certificate:  A Certificate of any Class issued in definitive, fully registered, certificated form.Deleted Mortgage Loan:  A Mortgage Loan that is repurchased from the Trust Fund pursuant to the terms hereof or as to which one or more Qualifying Substitute Mortgage Loans are substituted therefor.Delinquency Event:  A Delinquency Event shall have occurred with respect to any Distribution Date if the Rolling Three Month Delinquency Rate as of the last day of the immediately preceding calendar month equals or exceeds 55.00% of the Senior Enhancement Percentage for such Distribution Date.Delinquency Rate:  With respect to any calendar month, the fraction, expressed as a percentage, the numerator of which is the aggregate outstanding principal balance of all Mortgage Loans 60 days Delinquent or more (including all foreclosures, bankruptcies and REO Properties) as of the close of business on the last day of such month, and the denominator of which is the Aggregate Pool Balance as of the close of business on the last day of such month.Delinquent:  For reporting purposes, a Mortgage Loan is “delinquent” when any payment contractually due thereon has not been made by the close of business on the Due Date therefor.
Eligible Accounts may bear interest.Eligible Investments:  Any one or more of the following obligations or securities:(i)direct obligations of, and obligations fully guaranteed as to timely payment of principal and interest by, the United States of America or any agency or instrumentality of the United States of America the obligations of which are backed by the full faith and credit of the United States of America (“Direct Obligations”);(ii)federal funds, or demand and time deposits in, certificates of deposits of, or bankers’ acceptances issued by, any depository institution or trust company (including U.S. subsidiaries of foreign depositories and the Trustee or any agent of the Trustee, acting in its respective commercial capacity) incorporated or organized under the laws of the United States of America or any state thereof and subject to supervision and examination by federal or state banking authorities, so long as at the time of investment or the contractual commitment providing for such investment the commercial paper or other short-term debt obligations of such depository institution or trust company (or, in the case of a depository institution or trust company which is the principal subsidiary of a holding company, the commercial paper or other short-term debt or deposit obligations of such holding company or deposit institution, as the case may be) have been rated by each Rating Agency in its highest short-term rating category or one of its two highest long-term rating categories;(iii)repurchase agreements collateralized by Direct Obligations or securities guaranteed by GNMA, FNMA or FHLMC with any registered broker/dealer subject to Securities Investors’ Protection Corporation jurisdiction or any commercial bank insured by the FDIC, if such broker/dealer or bank has an uninsured, unsecured and unguaranteed obligation rated by each Rating Agency in its highest short-term rating category;(iv)securities bearing interest or sold at a discount issued by any corporation incorporated under the laws of the United States of America or any state thereof which have a credit rating from each Rating Agency, at the time of investment or the contractual commitment providing for such investment, at least equal to (a) one of the two highest short-term credit rating categories of S&P and Moody’s and (b) the highest short-term rating category of Fitch; provided, however, that securities issued by any particular corporation will not be Eligible Investments to the extent that investment therein will cause the then outstanding principal amount of securities issued by such corporation and held as part of the Trust Fund to exceed 20% of the sum of the Aggregate Pool Balance and the aggregate principal amount of all Eligible Investments in the Certificate Account; provided, further, that such securities will not be Eligible Investments if they are published as being under review with negative implications from any Rating Agency;(v)commercial paper (including both non-interest-bearing discount obligations and interest-bearing obligations payable on demand or on a specified date not more than 180 days after the date of issuance thereof) rated by each Rating Agency in its highest short-term rating category;(vi)a Qualified GIC;(vii)certificates or receipts representing direct ownership interests in future interest or principal payments on obligations of the United States of America or its agencies or instrumentalities (which obligations are backed by the full faith and credit of the United States of America) held by a custodian in safekeeping on behalf of the holders of such receipts; and(viii)any other demand, money market, common trust fund or time deposit or obligation, or interest-bearing or other security or investment (including those managed or advised by the Securities Administrator or any Affiliate thereof), (A) rated in the highest rating category by each Rating Agency rating such investment or (B) that would not adversely affect the then current rating assigned by each Rating Agency of any of the Certificates or the NIM Securities and has a short term rating of at least “A-1” or its equivalent by each Rating Agency.
Such investments in this subsection (viii) may include money market mutual funds or common trust funds, including any fund for which LaSalle Bank National Association (the “Bank”) in its capacity other than as Trustee, the Trustee, the Master Servicer, any NIMS Insurer, the Securities Administrator or an affiliate thereof serves as an investment advisor, administrator, shareholder servicing agent, and/or custodian or subcustodian, notwithstanding that (x) the Bank, the Trustee, the Master Servicer, any NIMS Insurer, the Securities Administrator or any affiliate thereof charges and collects fees and expenses from such funds for services rendered, (y) the Bank, the Trustee, the Master Servicer, any NIMS Insurer, the Securities Administrator or any affiliate thereof charges and collects fees and expenses for services rendered pursuant to this Agreement, and (z) services performed for such funds and pursuant to this Agreement may converge at any time.
The Trustee specifically authorizes the Bank or an affiliate thereof to charge and collect from the Trustee such fees as are collected from all investors in such funds for services rendered to such funds (but not to exceed investment earnings thereon);provided, however, that no such instrument shall be an Eligible Investment if such instrument evidences either (i) a right to receive only interest payments with respect to the obligations underlying such instrument, or (ii) both principal and interest payments derived from obligations underlying such instrument and the principal and interest payments with respect to such instrument provide a yield to maturity of greater than 120% of the yield to maturity at par of such underlying obligations, provided that any such investment will be a “permitted investment” within the meaning of Section 860G(a)(5) of the Code.ERISA:  The Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended.ERISA-Qualifying Underwriting:  A best efforts or firm commitment underwriting or private placement that meets the requirements of an Underwriter’s Exemption.ERISA-Restricted Certificate:  Any Class B, Class P, Class X or Class R Certificate, and any other Certificate with a rating below the lowest applicable rating permitted under the Underwriter’s Exemption.ERISA-Restricted Swap Certificate:  Any Senior Certificate, Class M or Class B Certificate.Errors and Omission Insurance Policy:  The errors or omission insurance policy required to be obtained by each Servicer satisfying the requirements of the related Servicing Agreement.Escrow Account:  Any account established and maintained by each Servicer pursuant to the related Servicing Agreement.Euroclear:  Euroclear Bank, S.A./N.V., as operator of the Euroclear System.Event of Default:  Any one of the conditions or circumstances enumerated in Section 6.14(a).Fannie Mae or FNMA:  Fannie Mae, f/k/a/ the Federal National Mortgage Association, a federally chartered and privately owned corporation organized and existing under the Federal National Mortgage Association Charter Act, or any successor thereto.FDIC:  The Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any successor thereto.Fidelity Bond:  The fidelity bond required to be obtained by each Servicer satisfying the requirements of the related Servicing Agreement.Final Scheduled Distribution Date:  With respect to each Class of Certificates, the Distribution Date occurring in January 2035.Financial Intermediary:  A broker, dealer, bank or other financial institution or other Person that clears through or maintains a custodial relationship with a Clearing Agency Participant.Fitch:  Fitch Ratings, Inc., or any successor in interest.Fixed Rate Mortgage Loan:  Any Mortgage Loan as to which the related Mortgage Note provides for a fixed rate of interest throughout the term of such Note.Form 10-K Certification:  As defined in Section 6.20(c).Freddie Mac or FHLMC:  Freddie Mac, f/k/a the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation, a corporate instrumentality of the United States created and existing under Title III of the Emergency Home Finance Act of 1970, as amended, or any successor thereto.Global Securities:  The global certificates representing the Book-Entry Certificates.GNMA:  The Government National Mortgage Association, a wholly owned corporate instrumentality of the United States within HUD.Holder or Certificateholder:  The registered owner of any Certificate as recorded on the books of the Certificate Registrar except that, solely for the purposes of taking any action or giving any consent pursuant to this Agreement, any Certificate registered in the name of the Depositor, the Trustee, the Master Servicer, the Securities Administrator, any Servicer, the Swap Counterparty, the Credit Risk Manager, or any Affiliate thereof shall be deemed not to be outstanding in determining whether the requisite percentage necessary to effect any such consent has been obtained, except that, in determining whether the Trustee shall be protected in relying upon any such consent, only Certificates which a Responsible Officer of the Trustee knows to be so owned shall be disregarded.
The Trustee and any NIMS Insurer may request and conclusively rely on certifications by the Depositor, the Master Servicer, the Securities Administrator, the applicable Servicer, the Swap Counterparty or the Credit Risk Manager in determining whether any Certificates are registered to an Affiliate of the Depositor, the Master Servicer, the Securities Administrator, any Servicer, any Swap Counterparty or the Credit Risk Manager.HUD:  The United States Department of Housing and Urban Development, or any successor thereto.Independent:  When used with respect to any Accountants, a Person who is “independent” within the meaning of Rule 2-01(b) of the Securities and Exchange Commission’s Regulation S-X.
When used with respect to any other Person, a Person who (a) is in fact independent of another specified Person and any Affiliate of such other Person, (b) does not have any material direct financial interest in such other Person or any Affiliate of such other Person, and (c) is not connected with such other Person or any Affiliate of such other Person as an officer, employee, promoter, underwriter, trustee, partner, director or Person performing similar functions.Index:  The index specified in the related Mortgage Note for calculation of the Mortgage Rate thereof.Initial LIBOR Rate:  2.4175%.Initial Optional Purchase Date:  The first Distribution Date following the date on which the Aggregate Pool Balance is less than 10.00% of the Cut-off Date Balance.Insurance Fee Rate:  With respect to each Mortgage Loan insured under the Bulk PMI Policy or LPMI Policy, the per annum rate specified in the Mortgage Loan Schedule under the field “Insurance Fee Rate,” plus any taxes due and payable with respect to any such insured Mortgage Loan that is located in the states of Kentucky and West Virginia.Insurance Policy:  Any Primary Mortgage Insurance Policy, any standard hazard insurance policy, flood insurance policy, earthquake insurance policy or title insurance policy relating to the Mortgage Loans or the Mortgaged Properties, to be in effect as of the Closing Date or thereafter during the term of this Agreement.Insurance Proceeds:  Amounts paid by the insurer under any Insurance Policy, other than amounts (i) to cover expenses incurred by or on behalf of any Servicer or Master Servicer in connection with procuring such proceeds, (ii) to be applied to restoration or repair of the related Mortgaged Property or (iii) required to be paid over to the Mortgagor pursuant to law or the related Mortgage Note.Interest Remittance Amount:  With respect to each Mortgage Pool and any Distribution Date, (a) the sum of (1) all interest collected (other than Payaheads and Prepayment Premiums) or advanced in respect of Scheduled Payments on the Mortgage Loans in such Mortgage Pool during the related Collection Period by the applicable Servicers, the Master Servicer or the Securities Administrator (solely in its capacity as successor master servicer), minus (w) the PMI Insurance Premiums related to the Mortgage Loans in such Mortgage Pool and any state taxes imposed on such premiums, (x) the Servicing Fee with respect to such Mortgage Loans in such Mortgage Pool, (y) the Securities Administrator Fee with respect to such Mortgage Loan in such Mortgage Pool and (z) previously unreimbursed Advances due to the Servicers, the Master Servicer or the Securities Administrator (solely in its capacity as successor master servicer) to the extent allocable to interest and the allocable portion of previously unreimbursed Servicing Advances with respect to such Mortgage Loans, (2) any amounts actually paid by the Servicers with respect to Prepayment Interest Shortfalls and any Compensating Interest Payments with respect to such Mortgage Loans and the related Prepayment Period, (3) the portion of any Purchase Price or Substitution Amount paid with respect to such Mortgage Loans during the related Prepayment Period allocable to interest and (4) all Net Liquidation Proceeds, Insurance Proceeds and any other recoveries collected with respect to such Mortgage Loans during the related Prepayment Period, to the extent allocable to interest, as reduced by, for each Mortgage Pool, (b) the product of (i) the applicable Pool Percentage for such Distribution Date and (ii) any other costs, expenses or liabilities reimbursable to the Trustee, the Master Servicer, the Securities Administrator, each Custodian and each Servicer to the extent provided in this Agreement, each Servicing Agreement and each Custodial Agreement; provided, however, that in the case of the Trustee, such reimbursable amounts from the Interest Remittance Amount and the Principal Remittance Amount may not exceed $200,000 during any Anniversary Year.
In the event that the Trustee incurs reimbursable amounts in excess of $200,000, it may seek reimbursement for such amounts in subsequent Anniversary Years, but in no event shall more than $200,000 be reimbursed to the Trustee per Anniversary Year.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, costs and expenses incurred by the Trustee pursuant to Section 6.14(a) in connection with any transfer of servicing shall be excluded from the $200,000 per Anniversary Year limit on reimbursable amounts.Intervening Assignments:  The original intervening assignments of the Mortgage, notices of transfer or equivalent instrument.Latest Possible Maturity Date:  The Distribution Date occurring in April 2040.LBH:  Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc., or any successor in interest.LIBOR:  With respect to the first Accrual Period, the Initial LIBOR Rate.
In the event that the BBA no longer sets an Interest Settlement Rate, the Securities Administrator will designate an alternative index that has performed, or that the Securities Administrator expects to perform, in a manner substantially similar to the BBA’s Interest Settlement Rate.
The Securities Administrator will select a particular index as the alternative index only if it receives an Opinion of Counsel (a copy of which shall be furnished to the Trustee and any NIMS Insurer), which opinion shall be an expense reimbursed from the Certificate Account pursuant to Section 4.04, that the selection of such index will not cause any of the REMICs to lose their classification as REMICs for federal income tax purposes.The establishment of LIBOR by the Securities Administrator and the Securities Administrator’s subsequent calculation of the Certificate Interest Rate applicable to the LIBOR Certificates, for the relevant Accrual Period, in the absence of manifest error, will be final and binding.LIBOR Business Day:  Any day on which banks in London, England and The City of New York are open and conducting transactions in foreign currency and exchange.LIBOR Certificate:  Any Class A1, Class A2, Class A3, Class A4, Class M1, Class M2, Class M3, Class M4, Class M5, Class M6, Class M7 or Class M8 Certificate.LIBOR Determination Date:  The second LIBOR Business Day immediately preceding the commencement of each Accrual Period for any LIBOR Certificate.Liquidated Mortgage Loan:  Any defaulted Mortgage Loan as to which the Master Servicer or the applicable Servicer has determined that all amounts that it expects to recover on behalf of the Trust Fund from or on account of such Mortgage Loan have been recovered.Liquidation Expenses:  Expenses that are incurred by the Master Servicer or a Servicer in connection with the liquidation of any defaulted Mortgage Loan and are not recoverable under the related Primary Mortgage Insurance Policy, if any, including, without limitation, foreclosure and rehabilitation expenses, legal expenses and unreimbursed amounts, if any, expended pursuant to Sections 9.06, 9.16 or 9.22.Liquidation Proceeds:  Cash received in connection with the liquidation of a defaulted Mortgage Loan, whether through the sale or assignment of such Mortgage Loan, trustee’s sale, foreclosure sale, payment in full, discounted payoff or otherwise, or the sale of the related Mortgaged Property if the Mortgaged Property is acquired in satisfaction of the Mortgage Loan, including any amounts remaining in the related Escrow Account.Lower Tier Interest:  As described in the Preliminary Statement.LPMI Policies:  A Primary Mortgage Insurance Policy issued by a Qualified Insurer pursuant to which the related premium is to be paid from payments by the Mortgagee.M1 Principal Distribution Amount:  With respect to any Distribution Date on or after the Stepdown Date and as long as a Trigger Event is not in effect with respect to such Distribution Date, the amount, if any, by which (x) the sum of (i) the aggregate Class Principal Amount of the Senior Certificates after giving effect to distributions on such Distribution Date and (ii) the Class Principal Amount of the Class M1 Certificates immediately prior to such Distribution Date exceeds (y) the M1 Target Amount.M1 Target Amount:  With respect to any Distribution Date, an amount equal to the lesser of (a) the product of (i) 79.20% and (ii) the Aggregate Pool Balance for such Distribution Date determined as of the last day of the related Collection Period and (b) the amount, if any, by which (i) the Aggregate Pool Balance for such Distribution Date determined as of the last day of the related Collection Period exceeds (ii) the Targeted Overcollateralization Amount for such Distribution Date.M2 Principal Distribution Amount:  With respect to any Distribution Date on or after the Stepdown Date and as long as a Trigger Event is not in effect with respect to such Distribution Date, the amount, if any, by which (x) the sum of (i) the aggregate Class Principal Amounts of the Senior Certificates and the Class M1 Certificates, in each case after giving effect to distributions on such Distribution Date and (ii) the Class Principal Amount of the Class M2 Certificates immediately prior to such Distribution Date exceeds (y) the M2 Target Amount.M2 Target Amount:  With respect to any Distribution Date, an amount equal to the lesser of (a) the product of (i) 84.00% and (ii) the Aggregate Pool Balance for such Distribution Date determined as of the last day of the related Collection Period and (b) the amount, if any, by which (i) the Aggregate Pool Balance for such Distribution Date determined as of the last day of the related Collection Period exceeds (ii) the Targeted Overcollateralization Amount for such Distribution Date.M3 Principal Distribution Amount:  With respect to any Distribution Date on or after the Stepdown Date and as long as a Trigger Event is not in effect with respect to such Distribution Date, the amount, if any, by which (x) the sum of (i) the aggregate Class Principal Amount of the Senior Certificates and the Class M1 and Class M2 Certificates, in each case after giving effect to distributions on such Distribution Date and (ii) the Class Principal Amount of the Class M3 Certificates immediately prior to such Distribution Date exceeds (y) the M3 Target Amount.M3 Target Amount:  With respect to any Distribution Date, an amount equal to the lesser of (a) the product of (i) 86.50% and (ii) the Aggregate Pool Balance for such Distribution Date determined as of the last day of the related Collection Period and (b) the amount, if any, by which (i) the Aggregate Pool Balance for such Distribution Date determined as of the last day of the related Collection Period exceeds (ii) the Targeted Overcollateralization Amount for such Distribution Date.M4 Principal Distribution Amount:  With respect to any Distribution Date on or after the Stepdown Date and as long as a Trigger Event is not in effect with respect to such Distribution Date, the amount, if any, by which (x) the sum of (i) the aggregate Class Principal Amount of the Senior Certificates and the Class M1, Class M2 and Class M3 Certificates, in each case after giving effect to distributions on such Distribution Date and (ii) the Class Principal Amount of the Class M4 Certificates immediately prior to such Distribution Date exceeds (y) the M4 Target Amount.M4 Target Amount:  With respect to any Distribution Date, an amount equal to the lesser of (a) the product of (i) 88.00% and (ii) the Aggregate Pool Balance for such Distribution Date determined as of the last day of the related Collection Period and (b) the amount, if any, by which (i) the Aggregate Pool Balance for such Distribution Date determined as of the last day of the related Collection Period exceeds (ii) the Targeted Overcollateralization Amount for such Distribution Date.M5 Principal Distribution Amount:  With respect to any Distribution Date on or after the Stepdown Date and as long as a Trigger Event is not in effect with respect to such Distribution Date, the amount, if any, by which (x) the sum of (i) the aggregate Class Principal Amount of the Senior Certificates and the Class M1, Class M2, Class M3 and Class M4 Certificates, in each case after giving effect to distributions on such Distribution Date and (ii) the Class Principal Amount of the Class M5 Certificates immediately prior to such Distribution Date exceeds (y) the M5 Target Amount.M5 Target Amount:  With respect to any Distribution Date, an amount equal to the lesser of (a) the product of (i) 90.00% and (ii) the Aggregate Pool Balance for such Distribution Date determined as of the last day of the related Collection Period and (b) the amount, if any, by which (i) the Aggregate Pool Balance for such Distribution Date determined as of the last day of the related Collection Period exceeds (ii) the Targeted Overcollateralization Amount for such Distribution Date.M6 Principal Distribution Amount:  With respect to any Distribution Date on or after the Stepdown Date and as long as a Trigger Event is not in effect with respect to such Distribution Date, the amount, if any, by which (x) the sum of (i) the aggregate Class Principal Amount of the Senior Certificates and the Class M1, Class M2, Class M3, Class M4 and Class M5 Certificates, in each case after giving effect to distributions on such Distribution Date and (ii) the Class Principal Amount of the Class M6 Certificates immediately prior to such Distribution Date exceeds (y) the M6 Target Amount.M6 Target Amount:  With respect to any Distribution Date, an amount equal to the lesser of (a) the product of (i) 92.00% and (ii) the Aggregate Pool Balance for such Distribution Date determined as of the last day of the related Collection Period and (b) the amount, if any, by which (i) the Aggregate Pool Balance for such Distribution Date determined as of the last day of the related Collection Period exceeds (ii) the Targeted Overcollateralization Amount for such Distribution Date.M7 Principal Distribution Amount:  With respect to any Distribution Date on or after the Stepdown Date and as long as a Trigger Event is not in effect with respect to such Distribution Date, the amount, if any, by which (x) the sum of (i) the aggregate Class Principal Amount of the Senior Certificates and the Class M1, Class M2, Class M3, Class M4, Class M5 and Class M6 Certificates, in each case after giving effect to distributions on such Distribution Date and (ii) the Class Principal Amount of the Class M7 Certificates immediately prior to such Distribution Date exceeds (y) the M7 Target Amount.M7 Target Amount:  With respect to any Distribution Date, an amount equal to the lesser of (a) the product of (i) 94.00% and (ii) the Aggregate Pool Balance for such Distribution Date determined as of the last day of the related Collection Period and (b) the amount, if any, by which (i) the Aggregate Pool Balance for such Distribution Date determined as of the last day of the related Collection Period exceeds (ii) the Targeted Overcollateralization Amount for such Distribution Date.M8 Principal Distribution Amount:  With respect to any Distribution Date on or after the Stepdown Date and as long as a Trigger Event is not in effect with respect to such Distribution Date, the amount, if any, by which (x) the sum of (i) the aggregate Class Principal Amount of the Senior Certificates and the Class M1, Class M2, Class M3, Class M4, Class M5, Class M6 and Class M7 Certificates, in each case after giving effect to distributions on such Distribution Date and (ii) the Class Principal Amount of the Class M8 Certificates immediately prior to such Distribution Date exceeds (y) the M8 Target Amount.M8 Target Amount:  With respect to any Distribution Date, an amount equal to the lesser of (a) the product of (i) 96.00% and (ii) the Aggregate Pool Balance for such Distribution Date determined as of the last day of the related Collection Period and (b) the amount, if any, by which (i) the Aggregate Pool Balance for such Distribution Date determined as of the last day of the related Collection Period exceeds (ii) the Targeted Overcollateralization Amount for such Distribution Date.M9 Principal Distribution Amount:  With respect to any Distribution Date on or after the Stepdown Date and as long as a Trigger Event is not in effect with respect to such Distribution Date, the amount, if any, by which (x) the sum of (i) the aggregate Class Principal Amount of the Senior Certificates and the Class M1, Class M2, Class M3, Class M4, Class M5, Class M6, Class M7 and Class M8 Certificates, in each case after giving effect to distributions on such Distribution Date and (ii) the Class Principal Amount of the Class M9 Certificates immediately prior to such Distribution Date exceeds (y) the M9 Target Amount.M9 Target Amount:  With respect to any Distribution Date, an amount equal to the lesser of (a) the product of (i) 98.50% and (ii) the Aggregate Pool Balance for such Distribution Date determined as of the last day of the related Collection Period and (b) the amount, if any, by which (i) the Aggregate Pool Balance for such Distribution Date determined as of the last day of the related Collection Period exceeds (ii) the Targeted Overcollateralization Amount for such Distribution Date.Master Servicer:  Aurora Loan Services Inc., or any successor in interest, or if any successor master servicer shall be appointed as herein provided, then such successor master servicer.Master Servicer Remittance Date:  With respect to each Distribution Date, three Business Days immediately preceding such Distribution Date.Master Servicing Fee:  As to any Distribution Date, an amount equal to 1/12th the product of (a) the Master Servicing Fee Rate and (b) the outstanding principal balance of each Mortgage Loan.Master Servicing Fee Rate:  0.00% per annum.Material Defect:  As defined in Section 2.02(c) hereof.Maximum Interest Rate:  With respect to any Distribution Date, an annual rate equal to: (i) in the case of the Class A1 and Class A2 Certificates and the A4(1) Component, for each Distribution Date on or before the Distribution Date on which the Class Principal Amount of the Class A3 Certificates and the Component Principal Amount of the A4(2) Component have each been reduced to zero, an annual rate equal to (a) the product, expressed as a percentage, of (1) the amount, if any, by which the weighted average of the excess of the maximum lifetime Mortgage Rates, as specified in the related Mortgage Notes for the Pool 1 Mortgage Loans exceeds the Aggregate Expense Rate and (2) a fraction, the numerator of which is 30 and the denominator of which is the actual number of days in the Accrual Period related to such Distribution Date; plus (b) the product, expressed as a percentage, of (1) the amount of any Net Swap Payment owed by the Swap Counterparty for such Distribution Date allocable to Pool 1 (based on the applicable Pool Percentage) divided by the Pool Balance for Pool 1 as of the beginning of the related Collection Period and (2) a fraction, the numerator of which is 360 and the denominator of which is the actual number of days in the Accrual Period related to such Distribution Date; minus (c) the product, expressed as a percentage, of (1) the amount of any Net Swap Payment owed to the Swap Counterparty for such Distribution Date allocable to Pool 1 (based on the applicable Pool Percentage) divided by the Pool Balance for Pool 1 as of the beginning of the related Collection Period and (2) a fraction, the numerator of which is 360 and the denominator of which is the actual number of days in the Accrual Period related to such Distribution Date; (ii) in the case of the Class A3 Certificates and the A4(2) Component, for each Distribution Date on or before the Distribution Date on which the Class Principal Amounts of the Class A1 and Class A2 Certificates and the Component Principal Amount of the A4(1) Component have each been reduced to zero, an annual rate equal to (a) the product, expressed as a percentage, of (1) the amount, if any, by which the weighted average of the excess of the maximum lifetime Mortgage Rates, as specified in the related Mortgage Notes for the Pool 2 Mortgage Loans exceeds the Aggregate Expense Rate and (2) a fraction, the numerator of which is 30 and the denominator of which is the actual number of days in the Accrual Period related to such Distribution Date; plus (b) the product, expressed as a percentage, of (1) the amount of any Net Swap Payment owed by the Swap Counterparty for such Distribution Date allocable to Pool 2 (based on the applicable Pool Percentage) divided by the Pool Balance for Pool 2 as of the beginning of the related Collection Period and (2) a fraction, the numerator of which is 360 and the denominator of which is the actual number of days in the Accrual Period related to such Distribution Date; minus (c) the product, expressed as a percentage, of (1) the amount of any Net Swap Payment owed to the Swap Counterparty for such Distribution Date allocable to Pool 2 (based on the applicable Pool Percentage) divided by the Pool Balance for Pool 2 as of the beginning of the related Collection Period and (2) a fraction, the numerator of which is 360 and the denominator of which is the actual number of days in the Accrual Period related to such Distribution Date; (iii) in the case of (A) the Subordinate Certificates, (B) the Class A1 and Class A2 Certificates and the A4(1) Component, for each Distribution Date after the Distribution Date on which the Class Principal Amount of the Class A3 Certificates and the Component Principal Amount of the A4(2) Component have each been reduced to zero, (C) the Class A3 Certificates and the A4(2) Component, for each Distribution Date after the Distribution Date on which the Class Principal Amounts of the Class A1 and Class A2 Certificates and the Component Principal Amount of the A4(1) Component have each been reduced to zero, an annual rate that would equal the Subordinate Net Funds Cap for such Distribution Date if (y) the Pool 1 Net Funds Cap were computed by reference to the weighted average of the excess of the maximum “lifetime” Mortgage Rates specified in the related Mortgage Notes for the Pool 1 Mortgage Loans over the Aggregate Expense Rate, (z) the Pool 2 Net Funds Cap were computed by reference to the weighted average of the excess of the maximum “lifetime” Mortgage Rates specified in the related Mortgage Notes for the Pool 2 Mortgage Loans over the Aggregate Expense Rate; and (iv) in the case of the Class A4 Certificates for any Distribution Date, an annual rate that would equal the weighted average Maximum Interest Rate of the A4(1) and A4(2) Components for such date, weighted on the basis of the related Component Principal Amounts.
Such schedule shall set forth, among other things, the following information with respect to each Mortgage Loan: (i) the Mortgage Loan identifying number; (ii) the city, state and zip code of the Mortgaged Property; (iii) the original principal amount of the Mortgage Loan; (iv) the Mortgage Rate at origination; (v) the monthly payment of principal and interest at origination; (vi) the Mortgage Pool in which such Mortgage Loan is included, (vii) the applicable Servicer servicing such Mortgage Loan and the applicable Servicing Fee Rate; (viii) the Custodian with respect to the Mortgage File related to such Mortgage Loan; (ix) where applicable, whether such Mortgage Loan is covered by the Bulk PMI Policy, a LPMI Policy and the applicable PMI Insurer and the applicable Insurance Fee Rate; (x) whether such Mortgage Loan is subject to a Prepayment Premium for voluntary prepayments by the Mortgagor, the term during which such Prepayment Premiums are imposed and the methods of calculation of the Prepayment Premium; and (xi) whether such Mortgage Loan is a Simple Interest Mortgage Loan.
The Depositor shall be responsible for providing the Trustee and the Master Servicer with all amendments to the Mortgage Loan Schedule.Mortgage Note:  The note or other evidence of the indebtedness of a Mortgagor secured by a Mortgage under a Mortgage Loan.Mortgage Pool:  Any of Pool 1 or Pool 2.
Mortgage Rate:  With respect to any Mortgage Loan, the per annum rate at which interest accrues on such Mortgage Loan, as determined under the related Mortgage Note as reduced by any Relief Act Reductions.Mortgaged Property:  Either of (x) the fee simple interest in real property, together with improvements thereto including any exterior improvements to be completed within 120 days of disbursement of the related Mortgage Loan proceeds, or (y) in the case of a Cooperative Loan, the related Cooperative Shares and Proprietary Lease, securing the indebtedness of the Mortgagor under the related Mortgage Loan.Mortgagor:  The obligor on a Mortgage Note.Net Excess Spread:  With respect to any Distribution Date, (A) the fraction, expressed as a percentage, the numerator of which is equal to the product of (i) the amount, if any, by which (a) the aggregate of the Interest Remittance Amounts for each Mortgage Pool for such Distribution Date (as reduced by the Credit Risk Manager’s Fee) exceeds (b) the Current Interest payable with respect to the Certificates for such date and (ii) twelve, and the denominator of which is the Aggregate Pool Balance for such Distribution Date, multiplied by (B) a fraction, the numerator of which is thirty and the denominator of which is the greater of thirty and the actual number of days in the immediately preceding calendar month.Net Funds Cap:  The Pool 1 Net Funds Cap, the Pool 2 Net Funds Cap or the Subordinate Net Funds Cap, as the context requires.Net Liquidation Proceeds:  With respect to any Liquidated Mortgage Loan, the related Liquidation Proceeds net of (i) unreimbursed expenses and (ii) any unreimbursed Advances, if any, received and retained in connection with the liquidation of such Mortgage Loan.Net Mortgage Rate:  With respect to any Mortgage Loan, the Mortgage Rate thereof reduced by the Aggregate Expense Rate for such Mortgage Loan.Net Prepayment Interest Shortfall:  With respect to any Master Servicer Remittance Date, the excess, if any, of any Prepayment Interest Shortfalls with respect to the Mortgage Loans for such date over any amounts paid with respect to such shortfalls by the Servicers pursuant to the Servicing Agreements.Net Simple Interest Excess:  With respect to any Distribution Date, the excess, if any, of (a) the amount of the payments received by the Servicers and the Master Servicer in the related Collection Period allocable to interest in respect of Simple Interest Mortgage Loans, calculated in accordance with the Simple Interest Method, net of the related Servicing Fees, over (b) 30 days’ interest at the weighted average (by principal balance) of the Net Mortgage Rates of the Simple Interest Mortgage Loans as of the first day of the related Collection Period, as determined by the related Servicer, on the aggregate principal balance of such Simple Interest Mortgage Loans for such Distribution Date, carried to six decimal places, rounded down, and calculated on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months.
Person:  Any person other than a “United States person” within the meaning of Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code.Notional Amount:  Not applicable.
Notional Certificate:  Not applicable.Offered Certificates:  Any of the Senior Certificates and the Class M Certificates.Offering Document:  Each of the Prospectus and the Private Placement Memorandum.Officer’s Certificate:  A certificate signed by the Chairman of the Board, any Vice Chairman, the President, any Vice President or any Assistant Vice President of a Person, and in each case delivered to the Trustee.Opinion of Counsel:  A written opinion of counsel, reasonably acceptable in form and substance to the Trustee, and which may be in-house or outside counsel to the Depositor, the Master Servicer or the Trustee but which must be Independent outside counsel with respect to any such opinion of counsel concerning the transfer of any Residual Certificate or concerning certain matters with respect to the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended (“ERISA”), or the taxation, or the federal income tax status, of each REMIC.Original Loan-to-Value Ratio:  With respect to any Mortgage Loan, the ratio of the principal balance of such Mortgage Loan at origination, or such other date as is specified, to the Original Value of the related Mortgaged Property.Original Value:  The lesser of (a) the Appraised Value of a Mortgaged Property at the time the related Mortgage Loan was originated and (b) if the Mortgage Loan was made to finance the acquisition of the related Mortgaged Property, the purchase price paid for the Mortgaged Property by the Mortgagor at the time the related Mortgage Loan was originated.Overcollateralization Amount:  With respect to any Distribution Date, the amount, if any, by which (x) the Aggregate Pool Balance for such Distribution Date exceeds (y) the aggregate Class Principal Amount of the Offered Certificates and the Class B Certificates after giving effect to distributions on such Distribution Date.Overcollateralization Deficiency:  With respect to any Distribution Date, the amount, if any, by which (x) the Targeted Overcollateralization Amount for such Distribution Date exceeds (y) the Overcollateralization Amount for such Distribution Date, calculated for this purpose after giving effect to the reduction on such Distribution Date of the Certificate Principal Amounts of the Offered Certificates and the Class B Certificates resulting from the distribution of the Principal Distribution Amount on such Distribution Date, but prior to allocation of any Applied Loss Amount on such Distribution Date.Payahead:  With respect to any Mortgage Loan and any Due Date therefor, any Scheduled Payment received by the applicable Servicer during any Collection Period in addition to the Scheduled Payment due on such Due Date, intended by the related Mortgagor to be applied on a subsequent Due Date or Due Dates.Paying Agent:  Any paying agent appointed pursuant to Section 3.08.Percentage Interest:  With respect to any Certificate, its percentage interest in the undivided beneficial ownership interest in the Trust Fund evidenced by all Certificates of the same Class as such Certificate.
With respect to any Offered Certificate or Class B Certificates, the Percentage Interest evidenced thereby shall equal the initial Certificate Principal Amount thereof divided by the initial Class Principal Amount of all Certificates of the same Class.
With respect to the Class X, Class P and Class R Certificates, the Percentage Interest evidenced thereby shall be as specified on the face thereof, or otherwise be equal to 100%.
Person:  Any individual, corporation, partnership, joint venture, association, joint-stock company, limited liability company, trust, unincorporated organization or government or any agency or political subdivision thereof.Plan:  An employee benefit plan or other retirement arrangement which is subject to Section 406 of ERISA and/or Section 4975 of the Code or any entity whose underlying assets include such plan’s or arrangement’s assets by reason of their investment in the entity.Plan Asset Regulations:  The Department of Labor regulations set forth in 29 C.F.R.
In the event that the Trustee incurs reimbursable amounts in excess of $200,000, it may seek reimbursement for such amounts in subsequent Anniversary Years, but in no event shall more than $200,000 be reimbursed to the Trustee per Anniversary Year.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, costs and expenses incurred by the Trustee pursuant to Section 6.14(a) in connection with any transfer of servicing shall be excluded from the $200,000 per Anniversary Year limit on reimbursable amounts.Private Placement Memorandum:  The confidential Private Placement Memorandum relating to the Class B Certificates.Proceeding:  Any suit in equity, action at law or other judicial or administrative proceeding.Proprietary Lease:  With respect to any Cooperative Unit, a lease or occupancy agreement between a Cooperative Corporation and a holder of related Cooperative Shares.Prospectus:  The prospectus supplement dated December 21, 2004, together with the accompanying prospectus dated November 19, 2004, relating to the Offered Certificates.Purchase Price:  With respect to the purchase of a Mortgage Loan or related REO Property pursuant to this Agreement, an amount equal to the sum of (a) 100% of the unpaid principal balance of such Mortgage Loan; (b) accrued interest thereon at the applicable Mortgage Rate, from the date as to which interest was last paid to (but not including) the Due Date in the Collection Period immediately preceding the related Distribution Date; (c) the amount of any costs and damages incurred by the Trust Fund as a result of any violation of any applicable federal, state or local predatory- or abusive-lending law arising from or in connection with the origination of such Mortgage Loan; (d) any unreimbursed Servicing Advances with respect to such Mortgage Loan; (e) the fair market value of any other property being purchased; and (f) any Swap Termination Payment payable to the Swap Counterparty.
The Master Servicer, each Servicer, each Custodian (or the Trustee or the Securities Administrator, if applicable) shall be reimbursed from the Purchase Price for any Mortgage Loan or related REO Property for any Advances made or other amounts advanced with respect to such Mortgage Loan that are reimbursable to the Master Servicer or such Servicer under this Agreement or the Servicing Agreement (or to the Trustee or the Securities Administrator, if applicable), together with any accrued and unpaid compensation due to the Master Servicer, the Securities Administrator, any Servicer, any Custodian or the Trustee hereunder or thereunder.QIB:  As defined in Section 3.03(c).Qualified GIC:  A guaranteed investment contract or surety bond providing for the investment of funds in the Collection Account, the Securities Administration Account or the Certificate Account and insuring a minimum, fixed or floating rate of return on investments of such funds, which contract or surety bond shall:(i)be an obligation of an insurance company or other corporation whose long-term debt is rated by each Rating Agency in one of its two highest rating categories or, if such insurance company has no long-term debt, whose claims paying ability is rated by each Rating Agency in one of its two highest rating categories, and whose short-term debt is rated by each Rating Agency in its highest rating category;(ii)provide that the Trustee may exercise all of the rights under such contract or surety bond without the necessity of taking any action by any other Person;(iii)provide that if at any time the then current credit standing of the obligor under such guaranteed investment contract is such that continued investment pursuant to such contract of funds would result in a downgrading of any rating of the Certificates or the NIM Securities, the Trustee shall terminate such contract without penalty and be entitled to the return of all funds previously invested thereunder, together with accrued interest thereon at the interest rate provided under such contract to the date of delivery of such funds to the Trustee;  (iv)provide that the Trustee’s interest therein shall be transferable to any successor trustee hereunder; and(v)provide that the funds reinvested thereunder and accrued interest thereon be returnable to the Collection Account, the Securities Administration Account or the Certificate Account, as the case may be, not later than the Business Day prior to any Distribution Date.Qualified Insurer:  An insurance company duly qualified as such under the laws of the states in which the related Mortgaged Properties are located, duly authorized and licensed in such states to transact the applicable insurance business and to write the insurance provided and whose claims paying ability is rated by each Rating Agency in its highest rating category or whose selection as an insurer will not adversely affect the rating of the Certificates.Qualifying Substitute Mortgage Loan:  In the case of a Mortgage Loan substituted for a Deleted Mortgage Loan pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, a Mortgage Loan that, on the date of such substitution, (i) has an outstanding Scheduled Principal Balance (or in the case of a substitution of more than one mortgage loan for a Deleted Mortgage Loan, an aggregate Scheduled Principal Balance), after application of all Scheduled Payments due during or prior to the month of substitution, not in excess of, and not more than 5% less than, the outstanding Scheduled Principal Balance of the Deleted Mortgage Loan as of the Due Date in the calendar month during which the substitution occurs, (ii) has a Mortgage Rate not less than the Mortgage Rate on the Deleted Mortgage Loan, (iii) if applicable, has a maximum Mortgage Rate not less than the maximum Mortgage Rate on the Deleted Mortgage Loan, (iv) has a minimum Mortgage Rate not less than the minimum Mortgage Rate of the Deleted Mortgage Loan, (v) has a gross margin equal to or greater than the gross margin of the Deleted Mortgage Loan, (vi) is not a Cooperative Loan unless the related Deleted Mortgage Loan was a Cooperative Loan, (vii) has a next adjustment date not later than the next adjustment date on the Deleted Mortgage Loan, (viii) has the same Due Date as the Deleted Mortgage Loan, (ix) has a remaining stated term to maturity not longer than 18 months and not more than 18 months shorter than the remaining stated term to maturity of the related Deleted Mortgage Loan, (x) is current as of the date of substitution, (xi) has a Loan-to-Value Ratio as of the date of substitution equal to or lower than the Loan-to-Value Ratio of the Deleted Mortgage Loan as of such date, (xii) has been underwritten by any Transferor in accordance with the same underwriting criteria and guidelines as the Deleted Mortgage Loan, (xiii) has a risk grading determined by the Seller at least equal to the risk grading assigned on the Deleted Mortgage Loan, (xiv) is secured by the same property type as the Deleted Mortgage Loan, (xv) conforms to each representation and warranty applicable to the Deleted Mortgage Loan made in the related Mortgage Loan Sale and Assignment Agreement, (xvi) has the same or higher lien position as the Deleted Mortgage Loan, (xvii) is covered by a PMI Policy if the Deleted Mortgage Loan was so covered, (xviii) contains provisions covering the payment of Prepayment Premium by the Mortgagor for early prepayment of the Mortgage Loan at least as favorable as the Deleted Mortgage Loan and (xix) for any Mortgage Loan to be substituted into Pool 2, has an original Scheduled Principal Balance within the maximum dollar amount limitations prescribed by Freddie Mac for conforming one-to-four-family mortgage loans.
In the event that one or more mortgage loans are substituted for one or more Deleted Mortgage Loans, the amounts described in clause (i) hereof shall be determined on the basis of aggregate Scheduled Principal Balances, the Mortgage Rates described in clause (ii) hereof shall be determined on the basis of weighted average Mortgage Rates, the risk gradings described in clause (xiii) hereof shall be satisfied as to each such mortgage loan, the terms described in clause (ix) hereof shall be determined on the basis of weighted average remaining term to maturity, the Loan-to-Value Ratios described in clause (xi) hereof shall be satisfied as to each such mortgage loan and, except to the extent otherwise provided in this sentence, the representations and warranties described in clause (xv) hereof must be satisfied as to each Qualified Substitute Mortgage Loan or in the aggregate, as the case may be.Radian:  Radian Guaranty Inc. or any successor in interest thereto.Rating Agency:  Each of DBRS, Moody’s and S&P.Realized Loss:  With respect to each Liquidated Mortgage Loan, an amount equal to (i) the unpaid principal balance of such Mortgage Loan as of the date of liquidation, minus (ii) Liquidation Proceeds received, to the extent allocable to principal, net of amounts that are reimbursable therefrom to the Master Servicer or any Servicer with respect to such Mortgage Loan (other than Advances of principal) including expenses of liquidation.
In determining whether a Realized Loss is a Realized Loss of principal, Liquidation Proceeds shall be allocated, first, to payment of expenses related to such Liquidated Mortgage Loan, then to accrued unpaid interest and finally to reduce the principal balance of the Mortgage Loan.Recognition Agreement:  With respect to any Cooperative Loan, an agreement between the related Cooperative Corporation and the originator of such Mortgage Loan to establish the rights of such originator in the related Cooperative Property.Record Date:  With respect to any Class of Book-Entry Certificates and any Distribution Date, the close of business on the Business Day immediately preceding such Distribution Date.
With respect to any Class of Definitive Certificates and any Distribution Date, the last Business Day of the month immediately preceding the month in which the Distribution Date occurs (or, in the case of the first Distribution Date, the Closing Date).Regulation S:  Regulation S promulgated under the Act or any successor provision thereto, in each case as the same may be amended from time to time; and all references to any rule, section or subsection of, or definition or term contained in, Regulation S means such rule, section, subsection, definition or term, as the case may be, or any successor thereto, in each case as the same may be amended from time to time.Regulation S Global Security:  The meaning specified in Section 3.01(c).Related Senior Principal Distribution Amount:  For each Mortgage Pool and any Distribution Date an amount equal to the lesser of (x) the sum of the Class Principal Amounts of the Class A1 and Class A2 Certificates  and the Component Principal Amount of the A4(1) Component (with respect to Pool 1) or the sum of the Class Principal Amount of the Class A3 Certificates and the Component Principal Amount of the A4(2) Component (with respect to Pool 2) immediately prior to that Distribution Date and (y) the product of (a) the Senior Principal Distribution Amount and (b) the related Senior Proportionate Percentage, in each case for such date.Related Senior Priority:  With respect to Pool 1 and Pool 2, the priority of distribution on the Senior Certificates relating to that Pool as described in subsections 5.02(d)(i)(A)(3) and 5.02(d)(i)(B)(3), respectively.Relief Act Reduction:  With respect to any Mortgage Loan as to which there has been a reduction in the amount of interest collectible thereon as a result of application of the Civil Relief Act, any amount by which interest collectible on such Mortgage Loan for the Due Date in the related Due Period is less than interest accrued thereon for the applicable one-month period at the Mortgage Rate without giving effect to such reduction.REMIC:  Each pool of assets in the Trust Fund designated as a REMIC pursuant to the Preliminary Statement.REMIC 1:  As described in the Preliminary Statement.REMIC 2:  As described in the Preliminary Statement.REMIC 3:  As described in the Preliminary Statement.REMIC 4:  As described in the Preliminary Statement.REMIC 5:  As described in the Preliminary Statement.REMIC Maximum Rate:  With respect to the Senior Certificates (or any Component thereof) related to Pool 1, the Pool 1 REMIC Maximum Rate as described in the Preliminary Statement; with respect to the Senior Certificates (or any Component thereof) related to Pool 2, the Pool 2 REMIC Maximum Rate as described in the Preliminary Statement; and with respect to the Subordinate Certificates, the Subordinate REMIC Maximum Rate as described in the Preliminary Statement.REMIC Provisions:  The provisions of the federal income tax law relating to real estate mortgage investment conduits, which appear at sections 860A through 860G of Subchapter M of Chapter 1 of the Code, and related provisions, and regulations, including proposed regulations and rulings, and administrative pronouncements promulgated thereunder, as the foregoing may be in effect from time to time.REO Property:  A Mortgaged Property acquired by the Trust Fund through foreclosure or deed-in-lieu of foreclosure in connection with a defaulted Mortgage Loan or otherwise treated as having been acquired pursuant to the REMIC Provisions.Replacement Receipts:  As defined in Section 5.09.Replacement Receipts Account:  As defined in Section 5.09.Required Reserve Fund Amount:  With respect to any Distribution Date on which the Net Excess Spread is less than 0.25%, the amount, if any by which (a) the product of 1.00% and the Aggregate Pool Balance for such date exceeds (b) the amount on deposit in the Basis Risk Reserve Fund immediately prior to such date.
With respect to any Distribution Date on which the Net Excess Spread is equal to or greater than 0.25%, the amount, if any, by which (i) $1,000 exceeds the amount on deposit in the Basis Risk Reserve Fund immediately prior to such date; provided, however, that on any Distribution Date on which the Class Principal Amount of each Class of Offered Certificates and the Class B Certificates has been reduced to zero, the Required Reserve Fund Amount shall be zero.Residual Certificate:  The Class R Certificate.Responsible Officer:  When used with respect to the Trustee, any vice president, assistant vice president, the secretary, any assistant secretary, or any officer, working in its Corporate Trust Office and having responsibility for the administration of this Agreement, and any other officer to whom a matter arising under this Agreement may be referred.Restricted Certificate:  Any Class B, Class P, Class X or Class R Certificate.Restricted Global Security:  As defined in Section 3.01(c).Rolling Three Month Delinquency Rate:  With respect to any Distribution Date, the fraction, expressed as a percentage, equal to the average of the Delinquency Rates for each of the three (or one and two, in the case of the first and second Distribution Dates, respectively) immediately preceding calendar months.Rules:  As defined in Section 6.20(c).S&P:  Standard & Poor’s Ratings Services, a division of The McGraw-Hill Companies, Inc., or any successor in interest.Scheduled Payment:  Each scheduled payment of principal and interest (or of interest only, if applicable) to be paid by the Mortgagor on a Mortgage Loan, as reduced (except where otherwise specified herein) by the amount of any related Debt Service Reduction (excluding all amounts of principal and interest that were due on or before the Cut-off Date, whenever received) and, in the case of an REO Property, an amount equivalent to the Scheduled Payment that would have been due on the related Mortgage Loan if such Mortgage Loan had remained in existence.Scheduled Principal Balance:  With respect to (i) any Mortgage Loan (other than a Simple Interest Mortgage Loan) as of any Distribution Date, the principal balance of such Mortgage Loan at the close of business on the Cut-off Date after giving effect to principal payments due on or before the Cut-off Date , whether or not received, less an amount equal to principal payments due after the Cut-off Date, and on or before the Due Date in the related Collection Period, whether or not received from the Mortgagor or advanced by any Servicer or the Master Servicer, and all amounts allocable to unscheduled principal payments (including Principal Prepayments, Liquidation Proceeds, Insurance Proceeds and condemnation proceeds, in each case to the extent identified and applied prior to or during the related Prepayment Period) and (ii) any REO Property as of any Distribution Date, the Scheduled Principal Balance of the related Mortgage Loan on the Due Date immediately preceding the date of acquisition of such REO Property by or on behalf of the Trustee (reduced by any amount applied as a reduction of principal on the Mortgage Loan).
With respect to any Mortgage Loan and the Cut-off Date, as specified in the Mortgage Loan Schedule.
The Scheduled Principal Balance of any Liquidated Mortgage Loan shall be zero.
In the case of a Simple Interest Mortgage Loan, references herein to such Mortgage Loan’s Scheduled Principal Balance shall mean its actual unpaid principal balance.
The actual unpaid principal balance of a Simple Interest Mortgage Loan with respect to any Distribution Date shall be determined by subtracting from such Mortgage Loan’s unpaid principal balance as of the end of the preceding Collection Period the amount of the borrower’s fixed monthly payment for the related Collection Period that is not allocated to the payment of interest applying the Simple Interest Method.Securities Administration Account:  A separate account established pursuant to Section 4.05.Securities Administrator:  Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., not in its individual capacity but solely as Securities Administrator, or any successor in interest, or if any successor Securities Administrator shall be appointed as herein provided, then such successor Securities Administrator.Securities Administrator Fee:  With respect to each Distribution Date and each Mortgage Loan, an amount equal to the product of (i) 1/12th of the Securities Administrator Fee Rate and (ii) the Scheduled Principal Balance of each Mortgage Loan as of the first day of the related Collection Period.Securities Administrator Fee Rate:  0.001% per annum.Security Agreement:  With respect to any Cooperative Loan, the agreement between the owner of the related Cooperative Shares and the originator of the related Mortgage Note that defines the terms of the security interest in such Cooperative Shares and the related Proprietary Lease.Seller:  Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc., or any successor in interest.Seller Remittance Amount:  With respect to each Servicer, the meaning assigned to such term in the related Servicing Agreement.Senior Certificate:  Any Class A1, Class A2, Class A3 and Class A4 Certificates.
With respect to Pool 2 and any Distribution Date, the fraction, expressed as a percentage, the numerator of which is the Principal Remittance Amount for Pool 2 for such Distribution Date and the denominator of which is the aggregate of the Principal Remittance Amounts for Pool 1 and Pool 2 for such Distribution Date.
Subordinate Net Funds Cap:  With respect to any Distribution Date, an amount equal to the weighted average of the Pool 1 Net Funds Cap and the Pool 2 Net Funds Cap, weighted on the basis of the Pool Subordinate Amount for each Mortgage Pool; provided, however, that with respect to the Class M9 and Class B Certificates, the Pool 1 Net Funds Cap and the Pool 2 Net Funds Cap will be calculated without regard to clause (b) in their respective definitions; and provided, further that on or after the Distribution Date on which the Class Principal Amount of the Class A1 and Class A2 Certificates and the Component Principal Amount of the A4(1) Component, or the Class Principal Amount of the Class A3 Certificates and the Component Principal Amount of the A4(2) Component, have been reduced to zero, such weighting shall be on the basis of the Pool Balance of the Mortgage Pools rather than the Pool Subordinate Amount of each Mortgage Pool.
Subordinate Priority:  As defined in Section 5.02(b)(iv).Subordinate Senior Certificate:  Not applicable.
Subordinate Senior Distribution Amount:  Not applicable.Subordinate Senior Target Amount:  Not applicable.Subsequent Recovery:  Any amount recovered by a Servicer or the Master Servicer with respect to a Liquidated Mortgage Loan with respect to which a Realized Loss was incurred after the liquidation or disposition of such Mortgage Loan.Substitution Amount:  The amount, if any, by which the Scheduled Principal Balance of a Deleted Mortgage Loan exceeds the Scheduled Principal Balance of the related Qualifying Substitute Mortgage Loan, or aggregate Scheduled Principal Balance, if applicable, plus unpaid interest thereon, any related unpaid Advances or Servicing Advances or unpaid Servicing Fees and the amount of any costs and damages incurred by the Trust Fund associated with a violation of any applicable federal, state or local predatory or abusive lending law in connection with the origination of such Deleted Mortgage Loan.Supplemental Interest Trust:  The corpus of a trust created pursuant to Section 5.07 of this Agreement and designated as the “Supplemental Interest Trust,” consisting of the Swap Agreement, the right to receive the Class X Distributable Amount as provided in Section 5.02(e)(vi), the Class LT5-I interest in REMIC 5 and the right to receive Class I Shortfalls.Supplemental Interest Trust Amount:  The sum of any Net Swap Payment and any Swap Termination Payment deposited in the Supplemental Interest Trust.Swap Agreement:  The interest rate swap agreement entered into by the Supplemental Interest Trust, which agreement provides for a Net Swap Payment to be paid pursuant to the conditions provided therein, together with any schedules, confirmations or other agreements relating thereto, attached hereto as Exhibit P.Swap Counterparty:  The counterparty to the Supplemental Interest Trust either (a) entitled to receive payments from the Supplemental Interest Trust or (b) required to make payments to the Supplemental Interest Trust, in either case pursuant to the terms of the Swap Agreement, and any successor in interest or assign.
Initially, the Swap Counterparty shall be Swiss Re Financial Products Corporation.Swap Counterparty Trigger Event:  A Swap Counterparty Trigger Event shall have occurred if any of a Swap Default with respect to which the Swap Counterparty is a Defaulting Party, a Termination Event with respect to which the Swap Counterparty is the sole Affected Party or an Additional Termination Event with respect to which the Swap Counterparty is the sole Affected Party has occurred.Swap Default:  Any of the circumstances constituting an “Event of Default” under the Swap Agreement.Swap LIBOR:  With respect to any Distribution Date (and the related Accrual Period), the product of (i) LIBOR as defined in the Swap Agreement, (ii) two, and (iii) the quotient of (a) the actual number of days in the accrual period for the LIBOR Certificates divided by (b) 30.Swap Termination Payment:  Upon the designation of an “Early Termination Date” as defined in the Swap Agreement, the payment to be made by the Supplemental Interest Trust to the Swap Counterparty, or by the Swap Counterparty to the Supplemental Interest Trust, as applicable, pursuant to the terms of the Swap Agreement.Target Amount:  With respect to any Distribution Date, an amount equal to the Aggregate Pool Balance for such Distribution Date minus the Targeted Overcollateralization Amount for such Distribution Date.Targeted Overcollateralization Amount:  With respect to any Distribution Date, $11,496,138.00.Tax Matters Person:  The “tax matters person” as specified in the REMIC Provisions.Telerate Page 3750:  The display currently so designated as “Page 3750” on the Moneyline Telerate Service (or such other page selected by the Securities Administrator as may replace Page 3750 on that service for the purpose of displaying daily comparable rates on prices).Termination Event:  As defined in the Swap Agreement.Termination Price:  As defined in Section 7.01.Termination Receipts:  As defined in Section 5.09.Termination Receipts Account:  As defined in Section 5.09.Title Insurance Policy:  A title insurance policy maintained with respect to a Mortgage Loan.Total Distribution Amount:  With respect to any Distribution Date, the sum of (i) the aggregate of the Interest Remittance Amounts for such date; (ii) the aggregate of the Principal Remittance Amounts for such date; and (iii) all Prepayment Premiums collected during the related Prepayment Period.Transfer Agreements:  As defined in the Mortgage Loan Sale Agreement.Transferor:  Each seller of Mortgage Loans to the Seller pursuant to the Transfer Agreements.Trigger Event:  A Trigger Event shall have occurred with respect to any Distribution Date if either a Delinquency Event or a Cumulative Loss Trigger Event is in effect for such Distribution Date.Trust Fund:  The corpus of the trust created pursuant to this Agreement, consisting of the Mortgage Loans, the assignment of the Depositor’s rights under the Transfer Agreements, the Mortgage Loan Sale Agreement and each Servicing Agreement, such amounts as shall from time to time be held in the Collection Account, Certificate Account, any Custodial Account and any Escrow Account, the Termination Receipts Account, the Replacement Receipts Account, the Basis Risk Reserve Fund, the Insurance Policies, any REO Property and the other items referred to in, and conveyed to the Trustee under, Section 2.01(a).Trustee:  LaSalle Bank National Association, not in its individual capacity but solely as Trustee, or any successor in interest, or if any successor trustee shall be appointed as herein provided, then such successor in interest or successor trustee, as the case may be.Trustee Fee:  A fixed annual fee of $3,750, which is paid first, from income and earnings on the amounts on deposit in the Certificate Account as provided in Section 4.04, second, from income and earnings on the amounts on deposit in the Securities Administration Account as provided in Section 4.05 and third, to the extent not paid under first or second, from the Securities Administrator Fee (and if not so paid, will be payable by the Trust Fund pursuant to Section 6.12).UCC or Uniform Commercial Code:  The Uniform Commercial Code as in effect in any applicable jurisdiction from time to time.Underwriter:  Lehman Brothers Inc.Underwriter’s Exemption:  Prohibited Transaction Exemption 2002-41, 67 Fed.
Reg.
54487 (2002), as amended (or any successor thereto), or any substantially similar administrative exemption granted by the U.S. Department of Labor.Unpaid Basis Risk Shortfall:  With respect to any Distribution Date and any Offered Certificate or Class B Certificate, the aggregate of all Basis Risk Shortfalls with respect to such Certificate remaining unpaid from previous Distribution Dates, plus interest accrued thereon at the applicable Certificate Interest Rate (calculated without giving effect to the applicable Net Funds Cap) but limited to a rate no greater than the Maximum Interest Rate.Upper Tier REMIC:  REMIC 5.Voting Interests:  The portion of the voting rights of all the Certificates that is allocated to any Certificate for purposes of the voting provisions of this Agreement.
At all times during the term of this Agreement, 98.00% of all Voting Interests shall be allocated to the Offered Certificates  and the Class R Certificates.
Voting Interests shall be allocated among such Certificates (other than the Class R Certificates) based on the product of (i) 98.00% and (ii) the fraction, expressed as a percentage, the numerator of which is the aggregate Class Principal Amount of all Certificates then outstanding and the denominator of which is the Aggregate Pool Balance then outstanding.
The remainder of the Voting Interests not otherwise allocated below shall be allocated to the Class R Certificates.
At all times during the term of this Agreement, 1% of all Voting Interests shall be allocated to each of the Class P and Class X Certificates while they remain outstanding.
Voting Interests shall be allocated among the other Classes of Certificates (and among the Certificates within each such Class) in proportion to their Class Principal Amounts (or Certificate Principal Amounts) or Percentage Interests.Section 1.02Calculations Respecting Mortgage Loans.Calculations required to be made pursuant to this Agreement with respect to any Mortgage Loan in the Trust Fund shall be made based upon current information as to the terms of the Mortgage Loans and reports of payments received from the Mortgagor on such Mortgage Loans and payments to be made to the Securities Administrator as supplied to the Securities Administrator by the Master Servicer.
The Securities Administrator shall not be required to recompute, verify or recalculate the information supplied to it by the Master Servicer, any Servicer or the Credit Risk Manager.Section 1.03Calculations Respecting Accrued Interest.
Accrued interest, if any, on any Class M9 or Class B Certificate shall be calculated based upon a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months.ARTICLE IIDECLARATION OF TRUST;ISSUANCE OF CERTIFICATESSection 2.01Creation and Declaration of Trust Fund; Conveyance of Mortgage Loans.
Such conveyance includes, without limitation, the right to all payments of principal and interest received on or with respect to the Mortgage Loans on and after the Cut-off Date (other than payments of principal and interest due on or before such date), and all such payments due after such date but received prior to such date and intended by the related Mortgagors to be applied after such date together with all of the Depositor’s right, title and interest in and to the Collection Account and all amounts from time to time credited to and the proceeds of the Collection Account, the Certificate Account and all amounts from time to time credited to and the proceeds of the Certificate Account, the Securities Administration Account and all amounts from time to time credited to and the proceeds of the Securities Administration Account (exclusive of investment earnings thereon), any Custodial Accounts and all amounts from time to time credited to and the proceeds of the Custodial Accounts, any Escrow Account established pursuant to Section 9.06 and any Basis Risk Reserve Fund established pursuant to Section 5.06 and all amounts from time to time credited to and the proceeds of each such account, any REO Property and the proceeds thereof, the Depositor’s rights under any Insurance Policies related to the Mortgage Loans, the Depositor’s security interest in any collateral pledged to secure the Mortgage Loans, including the Mortgaged Properties and any Additional Collateral, and any proceeds of the foregoing, to have and to hold, in trust; and the Trustee declares that, subject to the review provided for in Section 2.02, it has received and shall hold the Trust Fund, as trustee, in trust, for the benefit and use of the Holders of the Certificates and for the purposes and subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement, and, concurrently with such receipt, has caused to be executed, authenticated and delivered to or upon the order of the Depositor, in exchange for the Trust Fund, Certificates in the authorized denominations evidencing the entire ownership of the Trust Fund.Concurrently with the execution of this Agreement, the Swap Agreement shall be delivered to the Trustee.
The Seller, the Master Servicer, the Securities Administrator, the Depositor, the Servicer and the Certificateholders (by their acceptance of such Certificates) acknowledge and agree that the Trustee is executing and delivering the Swap Agreement solely in its capacity as Trustee of the Trust Fund and not in its individual capacity.Concurrently with the execution and delivery of this Agreement, the Depositor does hereby assign to the Trustee all of its rights and interest under the Mortgage Loan Sale Agreement, including all rights of the Seller under each Servicing Agreement and the Transfer Agreements, but only to the extent assigned under the Mortgage Loan Sale Agreement.
The Trustee hereby accepts such assignment, and shall be entitled to exercise all the rights of the Depositor under the Mortgage Loan Sale Agreement as if, for such purpose, it were the Depositor.It is agreed and understood by the Depositor and the Trustee (and the Depositor has so represented and recognized in the Mortgage Loan Sale Agreement) that it is not intended that any Mortgage Loan to be included in the Trust Fund be either (i) a “High-Cost Home Loan” as defined in the New Jersey Home Ownership Act effective November 27, 2003 or (ii) a “High-Cost Home Loan” as defined in the New Mexico Home Loan Protection Act effective January 1, 2004.
The foregoing sale, transfer, assignment, set-over, deposit and conveyance does not and is not intended to result in the creation or assumption by the Trustee of any obligation of the Depositor, the Seller or any other Person in connection with the Mortgage Loans.
The Depositor hereby directs the Trustee, solely in its capacity as Trustee hereunder, to execute and deliver, concurrently with the execution and delivery of this Agreement, the Swap Agreement.
The Trustee shall have no duty or responsibility to enter into any other interest rate swap agreement upon the expiration or termination of the Swap Agreement.
(ii)With respect to each MERS Mortgage Loan, the Master Servicer shall cause the applicable Servicer, at the expense of the Depositor, to take such actions as are necessary to cause the Trustee to be clearly identified as the owner of each such Mortgage Loan on the records of MERS for purposes of the system of recording transfers of beneficial ownership of mortgages maintained by MERS.
With respect to each Cooperative Loan, the Master Servicer, at the expense of the Depositor and with the cooperation of the applicable Servicer, shall cause such Servicer to take such actions as are necessary under applicable law in order to perfect the interest of the Trustee in the related Mortgaged Property.
(a)The Trustee, by execution and delivery hereof, acknowledges receipt by it or by the applicable Custodian on its behalf of the Mortgage Files pertaining to the Mortgage Loans listed on the Mortgage Loan Schedule, subject to review thereof by the Trustee, or by the applicable Custodian on behalf of the Trustee, under this Section 2.02.
The Trustee, or the applicable Custodian on behalf of the Trustee, shall determine whether such documents are executed and endorsed, but shall be under no duty or obligation to inspect, review or examine any such documents, instruments, certificates or other papers to determine that the same are valid, binding, legally effective, properly endorsed, genuine, enforceable or appropriate for the represented purpose or that they have actually been recorded or are in recordable form or that they are other than what they purport to be on their face.
Neither the Trustee nor any applicable Custodian shall have any responsibility for verifying the genuineness or the legal effectiveness of or authority for any signatures of or on behalf of any party or endorser.
A loss shall be deemed to be attributable to the failure of the Depositor to cure a Material Defect if, as determined by the Depositor, upon mutual agreement with the Trustee each acting in good faith, absent such Material Defect, such loss would not have been incurred.
The failure of the Trustee or the applicable Custodian to give the notice contemplated herein within 45 days after the Closing Date shall not affect or relieve the Depositor of its obligation to repurchase any Mortgage Loan pursuant to this Section 2.02 or any other Section of this Agreement requiring the repurchase of Mortgage Loans from the Trust Fund.
(e)Nothing in this Agreement shall be construed to constitute an assumption by the Trust Fund, the Trustee, any Custodian or the Certificateholders of any unsatisfied duty, claim or other liability on any Mortgage Loan or to any Mortgagor.
(f)Each of the parties hereto acknowledges that the applicable Custodian shall perform the applicable review of the Mortgage Loans and respective certifications thereof as provided in this Section 2.02 and the Custodial Agreement.
27 to the Master Consulting Agreement with the Credit Risk Manager.
(a)The Depositor hereby represents and warrants to the Trustee, for the benefit of Certificateholders, the Master Servicer, the Securities Administrator and any NIMS Insurer as of the Closing Date or such other date as is specified, that:(i)the Depositor is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws governing its creation and existence and has full corporate power and authority to own its property, to carry on its business as presently conducted, to enter into and perform its obligations under this Agreement, and to create the trust pursuant hereto;(ii)the execution and delivery by the Depositor of this Agreement have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action on the part of the Depositor; neither the execution and delivery of this Agreement, nor the consummation of the transactions herein contemplated, nor compliance with the provisions hereof, will conflict with or result in a breach of, or constitute a default under, any of the provisions of any law, governmental rule, regulation, judgment, decree or order binding on the Depositor or its properties or the certificate of incorporation or bylaws of the Depositor;(iii)the execution, delivery and performance by the Depositor of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby do not require the consent or approval of, the giving of notice to, the registration with, or the taking of any other action in respect of, any state, federal or other governmental authority or agency, except such as has been obtained, given, effected or taken prior to the date hereof;(iv)this Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by the Depositor and, assuming due authorization, execution and delivery by the Trustee, the Master Servicer, the Credit Risk Manager and the Securities Administrator, constitutes a valid and binding obligation of the Depositor enforceable against it in accordance with its terms except as such enforceability may be subject to (A) applicable bankruptcy and insolvency laws and other similar laws affecting the enforcement of the rights of creditors generally and (B) general principles of equity regardless of whether such enforcement is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law;(v)there are no actions, suits or proceedings pending or, to the knowledge of the Depositor, threatened or likely to be asserted against or affecting the Depositor, before or by any court, administrative agency, arbitrator or governmental body (A) with respect to any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or (B) with respect to any other matter which in the judgment of the Depositor will be determined adversely to the Depositor and will if determined adversely to the Depositor materially and adversely affect it or its business, assets, operations or condition, financial or otherwise, or adversely affect its ability to perform its obligations under this Agreement; and(vi)immediately prior to the transfer and assignment of the Mortgage Loans to the Trustee, the Depositor was the sole owner of record and holder of each Mortgage Loan, and the Depositor had good and marketable title thereto, and had full right to transfer and sell each Mortgage Loan to the Trustee free and clear, subject only to (1) liens of current real property taxes and assessments not yet due and payable and, if the related Mortgaged Property is a condominium unit, any lien for common charges permitted by statute, (2) covenants, conditions and restrictions, rights of way, easements and other matters of public record as of the date of recording of such Mortgage acceptable to mortgage lending institutions in the area in which the related Mortgaged Property is located and specifically referred to in the lender’s Title Insurance Policy or attorney’s opinion of title and abstract of title delivered to the originator of such Mortgage Loan, and (3) such other matters to which like properties are commonly subject which do not, individually or in the aggregate, materially interfere with the benefits of the security intended to be provided by the Mortgage, of any encumbrance, equity, participation interest, lien, pledge, charge, claim or security interest, and had full right and authority, subject to no interest or participation of, or agreement with, any other party, to sell and assign each Mortgage Loan pursuant to this Agreement.
(b)The representations and warranties of each Transferor with respect to the related Mortgage Loans in the applicable Transfer Agreement, which have been assigned to the Trustee hereunder, were made as of the date specified in the applicable Transfer Agreement (or underlying agreement, if such Transfer Agreement is in the form of an assignment of a prior agreement).
To the extent that any fact, condition or event with respect to a Mortgage Loan constitutes a breach of both (i) a representation or warranty of the applicable Transferor under the applicable Transfer Agreement and (ii) a representation or warranty of the Seller under the Mortgage Loan Sale Agreement, the only right or remedy of the Trustee, any Certificateholder or any NIMS Insurer hereunder shall be their rights to enforce the obligations of the applicable Transferor under any applicable representation or warranty made by it.
The Trustee acknowledges that, except as otherwise provided in the Mortgage Loan Sale Agreement, the Seller shall not have any obligation or liability with respect to any breach of a representation or warranty made by it with respect to the Mortgage Loans sold by it if the fact, condition or event constituting such breach also constitutes a breach of a representation or warranty made by the applicable Transferor in the applicable Transfer Agreement, without regard to whether such Transferor fulfills its contractual obligations in respect of such representation or warranty.
The Trustee further acknowledges that the Depositor shall have no obligation or liability with respect to any breach of any representation or warranty with respect to the Mortgage Loans (except as set forth in Section 2.03(a)(vi)) under any circumstances.
Section 2.04Discovery of Breach.
It is understood and agreed that the representations and warranties (i) of the Depositor set forth in Section 2.03, (ii) of the Seller set forth in the Mortgage Loan Sale Agreement and assigned to the Depositor by the Seller under the Mortgage Loan Sale Agreement and to the Trustee by the Depositor hereunder and (iii) of each Transferor and of each Servicer assigned by the Seller to the Depositor pursuant to the Mortgage Loan Sale Agreement and assigned to the Trustee by the Depositor hereunder, shall each survive delivery of the Mortgage Files and the Assignment of Mortgage of each Mortgage Loan to the Trustee and shall continue throughout the term of this Agreement.
Upon discovery by any of the Depositor, the Master Servicer, the Securities Administrator or the Trustee of a breach of any of such representations and warranties that adversely and materially affects the value of the related Mortgage Loan, the party discovering such breach shall give prompt written notice to the other parties.
In the event of discovery of a breach of any representation and warranty of any Transferor assigned to the Trustee, the Trustee shall enforce its rights under the applicable Transfer Agreement and the Mortgage Loan Sale Agreement for the benefit of Certificateholders and any NIMS Insurer.
(a)With respect to any Mortgage Loan repurchased by the Depositor pursuant to this Agreement, by the Seller pursuant to the Mortgage Loan Sale Agreement or by the Transferor pursuant to the applicable Transfer Agreement, the principal portion of the funds received by the Trustee in respect of such repurchase of a Mortgage Loan will be considered a Principal Prepayment and the Purchase Price shall be deposited in the Collection Account or a Custodial Account, as applicable.
The Seller indemnifies and holds the Trust Fund, the Master Servicer, the Securities Administrator, the Trustee, the Depositor, and NIMS Insurer and each Certificateholder harmless against any and all taxes, claims, losses, penalties, fines, forfeitures, reasonable legal fees and related costs, judgments, and any other costs, fees and expenses that the Trust Fund, the Trustee, the Master Servicer, the Securities Administrator, the Depositor, any NIMS Insurer and any Certificateholder may sustain in connection with any actions of such Seller relating to a repurchase of a Mortgage Loan other than in compliance with the terms of this Section 2.05 and the Mortgage Loan Sale Agreement, to the extent that any such action causes an Adverse REMIC Event.
As soon as practicable after the delivery of any Qualifying Substitute Mortgage Loan hereunder, the Master Servicer, at the expense of the Depositor and at the direction and with the cooperation of the applicable Servicer, shall (i) with respect to a Qualifying Substitute Mortgage Loan that is a Non-MERS Mortgage Loan, cause the Assignment of Mortgage to be recorded by the applicable Servicer if required pursuant to Section 2.01(d), or (ii) with respect to a Qualifying Substitute Mortgage Loan that is a MERS Mortgage Loan, cause to be taken such actions as are necessary to cause the Trustee to be clearly identified as the owner of each such Mortgage Loan on the records of MERS if required pursuant to Section 2.01(d).
(c)Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, the right to substitute Mortgage Loans pursuant to this Article II shall be subject to the additional limitations that no substitution of a Qualifying Substitute Mortgage Loan for a Deleted Mortgage Loan shall be made unless the Trustee and any NIMS Insurer has received an Opinion of Counsel addressed to the Trustee (at the expense of the party seeking to make the substitution) that, under current law, such substitution will not cause an Adverse REMIC Event.Section 2.06Grant Clause.
(a)It is intended that the conveyance of the Depositor’s right, title and interest in and to property constituting the Trust Fund pursuant to this Agreement shall constitute, and shall be construed as, a sale of such property and not a grant of a security interest to secure a loan.
However, if such conveyance is deemed to be in respect of a loan, it is intended that:  (1) the rights and obligations of the parties shall be established pursuant to the terms of this Agreement; (2) the Depositor hereby grants to the Trustee for the benefit of the Holders of the Certificates a first priority security interest to secure repayment of an obligation in an amount equal to the aggregate Class Principal Amount of the Certificates in all of the Depositor’s right, title and interest in, to and under, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, the Trust Fund and the Supplemental Interest Trust and all proceeds of any and all property constituting the Trust Fund and the Supplemental Interest Trust to secure payment of the Certificates (such security interest being, to the extent of the assets that constitute the Supplemental Interest Trust, pari passu with the security interest as provided in clause (4) below); (3) this Agreement shall constitute a security agreement under applicable law; and (4) the Swap Counterparty shall be deemed, during the term of such agreement and while such agreement is the property of the Trustee, to have a security interest in all of the assets that constitute the Supplemental Interest Trust, but only to the extent of such Swap Counterparty’s right to payment under the Swap Agreement (such security interest being pari passu with the security interest as provided in clause (2) above).
If such conveyance is deemed to be in respect of a loan and the trust created by this Agreement terminates prior to the satisfaction of the claims of any Person holding any Certificate, the security interest created hereby shall continue in full force and effect and the Trustee shall be deemed to be the collateral agent for the benefit of such Person, and all proceeds shall be distributed as herein provided.
(b)The Depositor shall, to the extent consistent with this Agreement, take such reasonable actions as may be necessary to ensure that, if this Agreement were deemed to create a security interest in the Mortgage Loans and the other property described above, such security interest would be deemed to be a perfected security interest of first priority under applicable law and shall be maintained as such throughout the term of this Agreement.
Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Depositor shall prepare and forward for filing, or shall cause to be forwarded for filing, at the expense of the Depositor, all filings necessary to maintain the effectiveness of any original filings necessary under the relevant UCC to perfect the Trustee’s security interest in or lien on the Mortgage Loans, including without limitation (x) continuation statements, and (y) such other statements as may be occasioned by (1) any change of name of the Seller, the Depositor or the Trustee, (2) any change of location of the jurisdiction of organization of the Seller or the Depositor, (3) any transfer of any interest of the Seller or the Depositor in any Mortgage Loan or (4) any change under the relevant UCC or other applicable laws.
Neither the Seller nor the Depositor shall organize under the law of any jurisdiction other than the State under which each is organized as of the Closing Date (whether changing its jurisdiction of organization or organizing under an additional jurisdiction) without giving 30 days prior written notice of such action to its immediate and intermediate transferee, including the Trustee.
Before effecting such change, the Seller or the Depositor proposing to change its jurisdiction of organization shall prepare and file in the appropriate filing office any financing statements or other statements necessary to continue the perfection of the interests of its immediate and intermediate transferees, including the Trustee, in the Mortgage Loans.
In connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, each of the Seller and the Depositor authorizes its immediate or intermediate transferee to file in any filing office any initial financing statements, any amendments to financing statements, any continuation statements, or any other statements or filings described in this paragraph (b).ARTICLE IIITHE CERTIFICATESSection 3.01The Certificates.
(a)The Certificates shall be issuable in registered form only and shall be securities governed by Article 8 of the New York Uniform Commercial Code.
The Book-Entry Certificates will be evidenced by one or more certificates, beneficial ownership of which will be held in the dollar denominations in Certificate Principal Amount, or in the Percentage Interests, specified herein.
The Class P and Class X Certificates shall each be maintained in definitive, fully registered form in the minimum denomination specified in the Preliminary Statement hereto.
Each Certificate shall, on original issue, be authenticated by the Trustee upon the order of the Depositor upon receipt by the Trustee of the Mortgage Files described in Section 2.01.
No Certificate shall be entitled to any benefit under this Agreement, or be valid for any purpose, unless there appears on such Certificate a certificate of authentication substantially in the form provided for herein, executed by an authorized officer of the Trustee or the Authenticating Agent, if any, by manual signature, and such certification upon any Certificate shall be conclusive evidence, and the only evidence, that such Certificate has been duly authenticated and delivered hereunder.
(c)The Class B Certificates offered and sold in reliance on the exemption from registration under Rule 144A under the Act shall be issued initially in the form of one or more permanent global Certificates in definitive, fully registered form without interest coupons with the applicable legends set forth in Exhibit A added to the forms of such Certificates (each, a “Restricted Global Security”), which shall be deposited on behalf of the subscribers for such Certificates represented thereby with the Trustee, as custodian for The Depository Trust Company (“DTC”) and registered in the name of a nominee of DTC, duly executed and authenticated by the Trustee as hereinafter provided.
The aggregate principal amounts of the Restricted Global Securities may from time to time be increased or decreased by adjustments made on the records of the Trustee or DTC or its nominee, as the case may be, as hereinafter provided.The Class B Certificates sold in offshore transactions in reliance on Regulation S shall be issued initially in the form of one or more permanent global Certificates in definitive, fully registered form without interest coupons with the applicable legends set forth in Exhibit A hereto added to the forms of such Certificates (each, a “Regulation S Global Security”), which shall be deposited on behalf of the subscribers for such Certificates represented thereby with the Trustee, as custodian for DTC and registered in the name of a nominee of DTC, duly executed and authenticated by the Trustee as hereinafter provided.
The aggregate principal amounts of the Regulation S Global Securities may from time to time be increased or decreased by adjustments made on the records of the Trustee or DTC or its nominee, as the case may be, as hereinafter provided.The Class B Certificates sold to an “accredited investor” under Rule 501(a)(1), (2), (3) or (7) under the Act shall be issued initially in the form of one or more Definitive Certificates.Section 3.02Registration.
The Trustee is hereby appointed, and hereby accepts its appointment as, Certificate Registrar in respect of the Certificates and shall maintain books for the registration and for the transfer of Certificates (the “Certificate Register”).
The Trustee may appoint a bank or trust company to act as Certificate Registrar.
A registration book shall be maintained for the Certificates collectively.
No service charge shall be made to a Certificateholder for any registration of transfer of Certificates, but the Certificate Registrar may require payment of a sum sufficient to cover any tax or governmental charge that may be imposed in connection with any registration of transfer of Certificates.
Certificates delivered upon any such exchange will evidence the same obligations, and will be entitled to the same rights and privileges, as the Certificates surrendered.
No service charge shall be made to a Certificateholder for any exchange of Certificates, but the Certificate Registrar may require payment of a sum sufficient to cover any tax or governmental charge that may be imposed in connection with any exchange of Certificates.
(c)By acceptance of a Restricted Certificate or a Regulation S Global Security, whether upon original issuance or subsequent transfer, each Holder of such a Certificate acknowledges the restrictions on the transfer of such Certificate set forth thereon and agrees that it will transfer such a Certificate only as provided herein.
In addition, each Holder of a Regulation S Global Security shall be deemed to have represented and warranted to the Trustee, the Certificate Registrar and any of their respective successors that:  (i) such Person is not a U.S. person within the meaning of Regulation S and was, at the time the buy order was originated, outside the United States and (ii) such Person understands that such Certificates have not been registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Act”), and that (x) until the expiration of the 40-day distribution compliance period (within the meaning of Regulation S), no offer, sale, pledge or other transfer of such Certificates or any interest therein shall be made in the United States or to or for the account or benefit of a U.S. person (each as defined in Regulation S), (y) if in the future it decides to offer, resell, pledge or otherwise transfer such Certificates, such Certificates may be offered, resold, pledged or otherwise transferred only (A) to a person which the seller reasonably believes is a “qualified institutional buyer” (a “QIB”) as defined in Rule 144A under the Act, that is purchasing such Certificates for its own account or for the account of a qualified institutional buyer to which notice is given that the transfer is being made in reliance on Rule 144A or (B) in an offshore transaction (as defined in Regulation S) in compliance with the provisions of Regulation S, in each case in compliance with the requirements of this Agreement; and it will notify such transferee of the transfer restrictions specified in this Section.The following restrictions shall apply with respect to the transfer and registration of transfer of a Restricted Certificate to a transferee that takes delivery in the form of a Definitive Certificate:(i)The Certificate Registrar shall register the transfer of a Restricted Certificate if the requested transfer is (x) to the Depositor or the Placement Agent, an affiliate (as defined in Rule 405 under the 1933 Act) of the Depositor or the Placement Agent or (y) being made to a “qualified institutional buyer” (a “QIB”) as defined in Rule 144A under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Act”) by a transferor that has provided the Trustee with a certificate in the form of Exhibit F hereto; and(ii)The Certificate Registrar shall register the transfer of a Restricted Certificate if the requested transfer is being made to an “accredited investor” under Rule 501(a)(1), (2), (3) or (7) under the Act, or to any Person all of the equity owners in which are such accredited investors, by a transferor who furnishes to the Trustee a letter of the transferee substantially in the form of Exhibit G hereto.
(d)(i)   No transfer of an ERISA-Restricted Certificate in the form of a Definitive Certificate shall be made to any Person unless the Trustee has received (A) a certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit H hereto (or Exhibit D-1, in the case of a Residual Certificate) from such transferee or (B) an Opinion of Counsel satisfactory to the Trustee, to the effect that the purchase and holding of such a Certificate will not constitute or result in prohibited transactions under Title I of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code and will not subject the Trustee, the Master Servicer, the Securities Administrator, any NIMS Insurer or the Depositor to any obligation in addition to those undertaken in the Agreement; provided, however, that the Trustee will not require such certificate or opinion in the event that, as a result of a change of law or otherwise, counsel satisfactory to the Trustee, has rendered an opinion to the effect that the purchase and holding of an ERISA-Restricted Certificate by a Plan or a Person that is purchasing or holding such a Certificate with the assets of a Plan will not constitute or result in a prohibited transaction under Title I of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code.
Each Transferee of an ERISA-Restricted Certificate that is a Book-Entry Certificate shall be deemed to have made the representations set forth in Exhibit H.  The preparation and delivery of the certificate and opinions referred to above shall not be an expense of the Trust Fund, the Trustee, the Master Servicer, the Securities Administrator, any NIMS Insurer or the Depositor.Notwithstanding the foregoing, no opinion or certificate shall be required for the initial issuance of the ERISA-Restricted Certificates.
The Trustee shall have no obligation to monitor transfers of Book-Entry Certificates that are ERISA-Restricted Certificates and shall have no liability for transfers of such Certificates in violation of the transfer restrictions.
The Trustee shall be under no liability to any Person for any registration of transfer of any ERISA-Restricted Certificate that is in fact not permitted by this Section 3.03(d) or for making any payments due on such Certificate to the Holder thereof or taking any other action with respect to such Holder under the provisions of this Agreement so long as the transfer was registered by the Trustee in accordance with the foregoing requirements.
The Trustee shall be entitled, but not obligated, to recover from any Holder of any ERISA-Restricted Certificate that was in fact a Plan or a Person acting on behalf of any such Plan any payments made on such ERISA-Restricted Certificate at and after either such time.
If the ERISA-Restricted Swap Certificate is a Book-Entry Certificate, the transferee will be deemed to have made a representation as provided in clause (i) or (ii) of this paragraph, as applicable.If any ERISA-Restricted Swap Certificate, or any interest therein, is acquired or held in violation of the provisions of the preceding paragraph, the next preceding permitted beneficial owner will be treated as the beneficial owner of that Certificate, retroactive to the date of transfer to the purported beneficial owner.
Any purported beneficial owner whose acquisition or holding of an ERISA-Restricted Swap Certificate, or interest therein, was effected in violation of the provisions of the preceding paragraph shall indemnify to the extent permitted by law and hold harmless the Depositor, the Securities Administrator, the Trustee, any NIMS Insurer and the Master Servicer from and against any and all liabilities, claims, costs or expenses incurred by such parties as a result of such acquisition or holding.To the extent permitted under applicable law (including, but not limited to, ERISA), the Trustee shall be under no liability to any Person for any registration of transfer of any ERISA-Restricted Swap Certificate that is in fact not permitted by this Section 3.03(d)(ii) or for making any payments due on such Certificate to the Holder thereof or taking any other action with respect to such Holder under the provisions of this Agreement so long as the transfer was registered by the Trustee in accordance with the foregoing requirements.
(e)As a condition of the registration of transfer or exchange of any Certificate, the Certificate Registrar may require the certified taxpayer identification number of the owner of the Certificate and the payment of a sum sufficient to cover any tax or other governmental charge imposed in connection therewith; provided, however, that the Certificate Registrar shall have no obligation to require such payment or to determine whether or not any such tax or charge may be applicable.
No service charge shall be made to the Certificateholder for any registration, transfer or exchange of a Certificate.
(f)Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, no Residual Certificate may be owned, pledged or transferred, directly or indirectly, by or to (i) a Disqualified Organization or (ii) an individual, corporation or partnership or other person unless such person is (A) not a Non-U.S.
Person or (B) is a Non-U.S.
In addition, the Trustee may (but shall have no obligation to) require, prior to and as a condition of any such transfer, the delivery by the proposed transferee of an Opinion of Counsel, addressed to the Depositor, the Master Servicer, the Securities Administrator, any NIMS Insurer and the Trustee satisfactory in form and substance to the Depositor, that such proposed transferee or, if the proposed transferee is an agent or nominee, the proposed beneficial owner, is not a Disqualified Organization, agent or nominee thereof, or a Non-Permitted Foreign Holder.
Notwithstanding the registration in the Certificate Register of any transfer, sale, or other disposition of a Residual Certificate to a Disqualified Organization, an agent or nominee thereof, or Non-Permitted Foreign Holder, such registration shall be deemed to be of no legal force or effect whatsoever and such Disqualified Organization, agent or nominee thereof, or Non-Permitted Foreign Holder shall not be deemed to be a Certificateholder for any purpose hereunder, including, but not limited to, the receipt of distributions on such Residual Certificate.
The Trustee shall not be under any liability to any person for any registration or transfer of a Residual Certificate to a Disqualified Organization, agent or nominee thereof or Non-permitted Foreign Holder or for the maturity of any payments due on such Residual Certificate to the Holder thereof or for taking any other action with respect to such Holder under the provisions of the Agreement, so long as the transfer was effected in accordance with this Section 3.03(f), unless a Responsible Officer of the Trustee shall have actual knowledge at the time of such transfer or the time of such payment or other action that the transferee is a Disqualified Organization, or an agent or nominee thereof, or Non-permitted Foreign Holder.
The Trustee shall be entitled, but not obligated, to recover from any Holder of a Residual Certificate that was a Disqualified Organization, agent or nominee thereof, or Non-permitted Foreign Holder at the time it became a Holder or any subsequent time it became a Disqualified Organization, agent or nominee thereof, or Non-permitted Foreign Holder, all payments made on such Residual Certificate at and after either such times (and all costs and expenses, including but not limited to attorneys’ fees, incurred in connection therewith).
The Trustee shall be under no liability to any Person for any registration of transfer of a Residual Certificate that is in fact not permitted by this Section 3.03(f), for making any payment due on such Certificate to the registered Holder thereof or for taking any other action with respect to such Holder under the provisions of this Agreement so long as the transfer was registered upon receipt of the affidavit described in the preceding paragraph of this Section 3.03(f).
(g)Each Holder or Certificate Owner of a Restricted Certificate, ERISA-Restricted Certificate or Residual Certificate, or an interest therein, by such Holder’s or Owner’s acceptance thereof, shall be deemed for all purposes to have consented to the provisions of this section.
(h)Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary herein, so long as a Global Security representing the Class B Certificates remains outstanding and is held by or on behalf of DTC, transfers of a Global Security representing any such Certificates, in whole or in part, shall only be made in accordance with Section 3.01 and this Section 3.03(h).
(A)Subject to clauses (B) and (C) of this Section 3.03(h), transfers of a Global Security representing the Class B Certificates shall be limited to transfers of such Global Security, in whole or in part, to nominees of DTC or to a successor of DTC or such successor’s nominee.
(B)Restricted Global Security to Regulation S Global Security.
If a holder of a beneficial interest in a Restricted Global Security deposited with or on behalf of DTC wishes at any time to exchange its interest in such Restricted Global Security for an interest in a Regulation S Global Security, or to transfer its interest in such Restricted Global Security to a Person who wishes to take delivery thereof in the form of an interest in a Regulation S Global Security, such holder, provided such holder is not a U.S. person, may, subject to the rules and procedures of DTC, exchange or cause the exchange of such interest for an equivalent beneficial interest in the Regulation S Global Security.
(C)Regulation S Global Security to Restricted Global Security.
If a holder of a beneficial interest in a Regulation S Global Security deposited with or on behalf of DTC wishes at any time to transfer its interest in such Regulation S Global Security to a Person who wishes to take delivery thereof in the form of an interest in a Restricted Global Security, such holder may, subject to the rules and procedures of DTC, exchange or cause the exchange of such interest for an equivalent beneficial interest in a Restricted Global Security.
(D)Other Exchanges.
In the event that a Global Security is exchanged for Certificates in definitive registered form without interest coupons, pursuant to Section 3.09(c) hereof, such Certificates may be exchanged for one another only in accordance with such procedures as are substantially consistent with the provisions above (including certification requirements intended to insure that such transfers comply with Rule 144A, comply with Rule 501(a)(1), (2), (3) or (7) or are to non-U.S. persons in compliance with Regulation S under the Act, as the case may be), and as may be from time to time adopted by the Trustee.
(E)Restrictions on U.S.
Transfers of interests in the Regulation S Global Security to U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S) shall be limited to transfers made pursuant to the provisions of Section 3.03(h)(C).Section 3.04Cancellation of Certificates.
Any Certificate surrendered for registration of transfer or exchange shall be cancelled and retained in accordance with the Trustee’s normal retention policies with respect to cancelled certificates maintained by the Trustee or the Certificate Registrar.Section 3.05Replacement of Certificates.
Upon the issuance of any new Certificate under this Section 3.05, the Trustee and Authenticating Agent may require the payment of a sum sufficient to cover any tax or other governmental charge that may be imposed in relation thereto and any other expenses (including the fees and expenses of the Trustee or the Authenticating Agent) connected therewith.
Any replacement Certificate issued pursuant to this Section 3.05 shall constitute complete and indefeasible evidence of ownership in the applicable Trust Fund, as if originally issued, whether or not the lost, stolen or destroyed Certificate shall be found at any time.Section 3.06Persons Deemed Owners.
Subject to the provisions of Section 3.09 with respect to Book-Entry Certificates, the Depositor, the Master Servicer, the Securities Administrator, the Trustee, the Certificate Registrar, any NIMS Insurer and any agent of any of them may treat the Person in whose name any Certificate is registered upon the books of the Certificate Registrar as the owner of such Certificate for the purpose of receiving distributions pursuant to Sections 5.01 and 5.02 and for all other purposes whatsoever, and neither the Depositor, the Master Servicer, the Securities Administrator, the Trustee, the Certificate Registrar, any NIMS Insurer nor any agent of any of them shall be affected by notice to the contrary.Section 3.07Temporary Certificates.
Until so exchanged, the temporary Certificates shall in all respects be entitled to the same benefits under this Agreement as definitive Certificates of the same Class.Section 3.08Appointment of Paying Agent.
The Trustee, subject to the consent of the NIMS Insurer, may appoint a Paying Agent (which may be the Trustee) for the purpose of making distributions to Certificateholders hereunder.
All funds remitted by the Trustee to any such Paying Agent for the purpose of making distributions shall be paid to Certificateholders on each Distribution Date and any amounts not so paid shall be returned on such Distribution Date to the Trustee.
Any Paying Agent shall be either a bank or trust company or otherwise authorized under law to exercise corporate trust powers.Section 3.09Book-Entry Certificates.
The Book-Entry Certificates shall initially be registered on the Certificate Register in the name of the nominee of the Clearing Agency, and no Certificate Owner will receive a definitive certificate representing such Certificate Owner’s interest in the Book-Entry Certificates, except as provided in Section 3.09(c).
Unless Definitive Certificates have been issued to Certificate Owners of Book-Entry Certificates pursuant to Section 3.09(c):(i)the provisions of this Section 3.09 shall be in full force and effect;(ii)the Depositor, the Master Servicer, the Securities Administrator, the Paying Agent, the Registrar, any NIMS Insurer and the Trustee may deal with the Clearing Agency for all purposes (including the making of distributions on the Book-Entry Certificates) as the authorized representatives of the Certificate Owners and the Clearing Agency shall be responsible for crediting the amount of such distributions to the accounts of such Persons entitled thereto, in accordance with the Clearing Agency’s normal procedures;(iii)to the extent that the provisions of this Section 3.09 conflict with any other provisions of this Agreement, the provisions of this Section 3.09 shall control; and(iv)the rights of Certificate Owners shall be exercised only through the Clearing Agency and the Clearing Agency Participants and shall be limited to those established by law and agreements between such Certificate Owners and the Clearing Agency and/or the Clearing Agency Participants.
Neither the Depositor nor the Trustee shall be liable for any delay in delivery of such instructions and may conclusively rely on, and shall be protected in relying on, such instructions.
Upon the issuance of Definitive Certificates all references herein to obligations imposed upon or to be performed by the Clearing Agency shall be deemed to be imposed upon and performed by the Trustee, to the extent applicable, with respect to such Definitive Certificates and the Trustee shall recognize the holders of the Definitive Certificates as Certificateholders hereunder.
(a)On the Closing Date, the Master Servicer shall open and shall thereafter maintain a segregated account held in trust (the “Collection Account”), entitled “Collection Account, Aurora Loan Services Inc., as Master Servicer, in trust for the benefit of the Holders of Structured Asset Investment Loan Trust Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2004-11.”  The Collection Account shall relate solely to the Certificates issued by the Trust Fund hereunder, and funds in such Collection Account shall not be commingled with any other monies.
(b)The Collection Account shall be an Eligible Account.
The Master Servicer shall take such actions as are necessary to cause the depository institution holding the Collection Account to hold such account in the name of the Master Servicer under this Agreement.
(e)Funds in the Collection Account may be invested in Eligible Investments selected by and at the written direction of the Master Servicer, which shall mature not later than one Business Day prior to the Master Servicer Remittance Date (except that if such Eligible Investment is an obligation of the Securities Administrator, then such Eligible Investment shall mature not later than such applicable Master Servicer Remittance Date) and any such Eligible Investment shall not be sold or disposed of prior to its maturity.
All such Eligible Investments shall be made in the name of the Master Servicer in trust for the benefit of the Trustee and Holders of the Structured Asset Investment Loan Trust Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2004-11.
All income and gain realized from any Eligible Investment shall be for the benefit of the Master Servicer and shall be subject to its withdrawal or order from time to time, subject to Section 5.05 hereof, and shall not be part of the Trust Fund.
The amount of any losses incurred in respect of any such investments shall be deposited in such Collection Account by the Master Servicer out of its own funds, without any right of reimbursement therefor, immediately as realized.
The foregoing requirements for deposit in the Collection Account are exclusive, it being understood and agreed that, without limiting the generality of the foregoing, payments of interest on funds in the Collection Account and payments in the nature of late payment charges, assumption fees and other incidental fees and charges relating to the Mortgage Loans (other than Prepayment Premiums) need not be deposited by the Master Servicer in the Collection Account and may be retained by the Master Servicer or the applicable Servicer as additional servicing compensation.
Section 4.02Application of Funds in the Collection Account.
The Master Servicer may, from time to time, make, or cause to be made, withdrawals from the Collection Account for the following purposes:(i)to reimburse itself or any Servicer for Advances or Servicing Advances made by it or by such Servicer pursuant to Section 5.04 or the applicable Servicing Agreement; such right to reimbursement pursuant to this subclause (i) is limited to amounts received on or in respect of a particular Mortgage Loan (including, for this purpose, Liquidation Proceeds and amounts representing Insurance Proceeds with respect to the property subject to the related Mortgage) which represent late recoveries (net of the applicable Servicing Fee) of payments of principal or interest respecting which any such Advance was made, it being understood, in the case of any such reimbursement, that the Master Servicer’s or Servicer’s right thereto shall be prior to the rights of the Certificateholders;(ii)to reimburse itself or any Servicer, following a final liquidation of a Mortgage Loan (except as otherwise provided in the related Servicing Agreement) for any previously unreimbursed Advances made by it or by such Servicer (A) that it determines in good faith will not be recoverable from amounts representing late recoveries of payments of principal or interest respecting the particular Mortgage Loan as to which such Advance was made or from Liquidation Proceeds or Insurance Proceeds with respect to such Mortgage Loan and/or (B) to the extent that such unreimbursed Advances exceed the related Liquidation Proceeds or Insurance Proceeds, it being understood, in the case of each such reimbursement, that such Master Servicer's or Servicer's right thereto shall be prior to the rights of the Certificateholders;(iii)to reimburse itself or any Servicer from Liquidation Proceeds for Liquidation Expenses and for amounts expended by it pursuant to Section 9.22(c) or the applicable Servicing Agreement in good faith in connection with the restoration of damaged property and, to the extent that Liquidation Proceeds after such reimbursement exceed the unpaid principal balance of the related Mortgage Loan, together with accrued and unpaid interest thereon at the applicable Mortgage Rate less the applicable Servicing Fee Rate for such Mortgage Loan to the Due Date next succeeding the date of its receipt of such Liquidation Proceeds, to pay to itself out of such excess the amount of any unpaid assumption fees, late payment charges or other Mortgagor charges on the related Mortgage Loan and to retain any excess remaining thereafter as additional servicing compensation, it being understood, in the case of any such reimbursement or payment, that such Master Servicer’s or Servicer’s right thereto shall be prior to the rights of the Certificateholders;(iv)to the extent of any previous Advances made by the Master Servicer with respect to Simple Interest Mortgage Loans, to pay itself an amount equal to Net Simple Interest Excess for the related Collection Period to the extent not offset by Net Simple Interest Shortfalls;(v)to reimburse itself or any Servicer for expenses incurred by and recoverable by or reimbursable to it or any Servicer pursuant to this Agreement, including, without limitation, Sections 9.04, 9.05(b), 9.07(a), 9.30 or 11.15;(vi)to pay to the Seller any Seller Remittance Amount;(vii)to pay to the Depositor, the Seller or any Transferor, as applicable, with respect to each Mortgage Loan or REO Property acquired in respect thereof that has been purchased pursuant to this Agreement, all amounts received thereon and not distributed on the date on which the related repurchase was effected, and to pay to the applicable Person any Advances and Servicing Advances to the extent specified in the definition of Purchase Price;(viii)to the extent not paid by a Servicer pursuant to the related Servicing Agreement, any premium due under a Primary Mortgage Insurance Policy;(ix)subject to Section 5.05, to pay to itself income earned on the investment of funds deposited in the Collection Account;(x)to make payments to the Securities Administrator for deposit into the Securities Administration Account in the amounts and in the manner provided herein;(xi)to make payment to itself, the Securities Administrator and others pursuant to any provision of this Agreement;(xii)to withdraw funds deposited in error in the Collection Account;(xiii)to clear and terminate the Collection Account pursuant to Section 7.02;(xiv)to reimburse a successor Master Servicer (solely in its capacity as successor Master Servicer), for any fee or advance occasioned by a termination of the Master Servicer, and the assumption of such duties by the Securities Administrator or a successor Master Servicer appointed by the Trustee pursuant to Section 6.14, in each case to the extent not reimbursed by the terminated Master Servicer, it being understood, in the case of any such reimbursement or payment, that the right of the Master Servicer or the Securities Administrator thereto shall be prior to the rights of the Certificateholders; and(xv)to reimburse any Servicer for such amounts as are due thereto under the applicable Servicing Agreement and have not been retained by or paid to such Servicer, to the extent provided in such Servicing Agreement.In connection with withdrawals made pursuant to subclauses (i), (iii), (iv), (vi) and (vii) above, the Master Servicer’s, any Servicer’s or such other Person’s entitlement thereto is limited to collections or other recoveries on the related Mortgage Loan.
The Master Servicer shall therefore keep and maintain a separate accounting for each Mortgage Loan it master services for the purpose of justifying any withdrawal made from the Collection Account it maintains pursuant to such subclause (i), (iii), (iv), (vi) and (vii).Section 4.03Reports to Certificateholders.
The Securities Administrator’s internet website shall initially be located at “www.ctslink.com.”  Assistance in using the website can be obtained by calling the Securities Administrator’s customer service desk at 1-301-815-6600.
The Securities Administrator shall have the right to change the way such statements are distributed in order to make such distribution more convenient and/or more accessible to the above parties and the Securities Administrator shall provide timely and adequate notification to all above parties regarding any such changes.The foregoing information and reports shall be prepared and determined by the Securities Administrator based solely on Mortgage Loan data provided to the Securities Administrator by the Master Servicer (in a format agreed to by the Securities Administrator and the Master Servicer) no later than 12:00 p.m. Eastern Time four Business Days prior to the Distribution Date.
In preparing or furnishing the foregoing information to the Trustee, Certificateholders and any NIMS Insurer, the Securities Administrator shall be entitled to rely conclusively on the accuracy of the information or data (i) regarding the Mortgage Loans and the related REO Property, that has been provided to the Master Servicer by each Servicer and (ii) regarding the Swap Agreement, that has been provided by the Swap Counterparty, and the Securities Administrator shall not be obligated to verify, recompute, reconcile or recalculate any such information or data.
The Securities Administrator shall be entitled to conclusively rely on the Mortgage Loan data provided by the Master Servicer and shall have no liability for any errors in such Mortgage Loan data.
Such information shall also include the amount of original issue discount accrued on each Class of Certificates and information regarding the expenses of the Trust Fund furnished by the Master Servicer to the Trustee.
The Trustee shall be deemed to have satisfied this requirement if it forwards such information in any other format permitted by the Code.
The Master Servicer shall provide the Trustee with such information as is necessary for the Trustee to prepare such reports (and the Trustee may rely solely upon such information).
(d)The Securities Administrator shall furnish any other information that is required by the Code and regulations thereunder to be made available to Certificateholders.
The Master Servicer shall provide the Securities Administrator with such information as is necessary for the Securities Administrator to prepare such reports (and the Securities Administrator may rely solely upon such information).Section 4.04Certificate Account.
(a)The Trustee shall establish and maintain in its name, as trustee, a trust account (the “Certificate Account”) entitled “Certificate Account, LaSalle Bank National Association, as Trustee, in trust for the benefit of the Holders of Structured Asset Investment Loan Trust Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2004-11” until disbursed pursuant to the terms of this Agreement.
The Certificate Account shall be an Eligible Account and shall be for the benefit of the Certificateholders, subject to the rights of the Trustee set forth herein.
If the existing Certificate Account ceases to be an Eligible Account, the Trustee shall establish a new Certificate Account that is an Eligible Account within ten Business Days and transfer all funds and investment property on deposit in such existing Certificate Account into such new Certificate Account.
The Certificate Account shall relate solely to the Certificates issued hereunder and funds in the Certificate Account shall be held separate and apart from and shall not be commingled with any other monies including, without limitation, other monies of the Trustee held under this Agreement.
(c)Funds in the Certificate Account may be invested by the Trustee in Eligible Investments (which may be obligations of the Trustee).
All such Eligible Investments will be made in the name of the Trustee (in its capacity as such) or its nominee.
All income and gain realized from any such investment for each Distribution Date shall accrue to the Trustee and be subject to withdrawal by the Trustee from time to time.
The amount of any losses incurred in respect of any such investments shall be paid by the Trustee for deposit in the Certificate Account out of its own funds, without any right of reimbursement therefor, immediately as realized.
Section 4.05Securities Administration Account.
(a)On the Closing Date, the Securities Administrator shall open and shall thereafter maintain an account to be held in trust (the “Securities Administration Account”), entitled “Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., as Securities Administrator, in trust for the benefit of the Holders of Structured Asset Investment Loan Trust Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2004-11.”  The Securities Administration Account shall relate solely to the Certificates issued by the Trust Fund hereunder, and funds in such Securities Administration Account shall not be commingled with any other monies.
(b)The Securities Administration Account shall be an Eligible Account.
If an existing Securities Administration Account ceases to be an Eligible Account, the Securities Administrator shall establish a new Securities Administration Account that is an Eligible Account within 10 Business Days of notice thereof to the Securities Administrator, and shall transfer all funds on deposit in such existing Securities Administration Account into such new Securities Administration Account.
(f)The Securities Administrator may invest, or cause to be invested, funds held in the Securities Administration Account, which funds, if invested, shall be invested in Eligible Investments (which may be obligations of the Securities Administrator or its Affiliate).
All such Eligible Investments will be made in the name of the Trustee (in its capacity as such) or its nominee.
The amount of any losses incurred in respect of any such investments shall be paid by the Securities Administrator for deposit in the Securities Administration Account out of its own funds, without any right of reimbursement therefor, immediately as realized.
(b)The final distribution in respect of any Certificate shall be made only upon presentation and surrender of such Certificate at the Corporate Trust Office; provided, however, that the foregoing provisions shall not apply to any Class of Certificates as long as such Certificate remains a Book-Entry Certificate in which case all payments made shall be made through the Clearing Agency and its Clearing Agency Participants.
(c)All distributions or allocations made with respect to Certificateholders within each Class on each Distribution Date shall be allocated among the outstanding Certificates in such Class equally in proportion to their respective initial Class Principal Amounts (or Percentage Interests).
(d)The Trustee shall be entitled to rely on the calculations provided to it by the Securities Administrator when making distributions to Certificateholders.Section 5.02Distributions from the Certificate Account.
All allocations and distributions made among and with respect to Pool 1 and Pool 2 in this Section shall be made concurrently.
(a)Subject to Section 9.07, Advances shall be made in respect of each Deposit Date as provided herein.
If, on any Determination Date, any Servicer determines that any Scheduled Payments (or in the case of Simple Interest Mortgage Loans, the amount of any scheduled interest payments) due during the related Collection Period (other than Balloon Payments) have not been received, such Servicer shall advance such amount to the extent provided in the applicable Servicing Agreement.
Any funds being held in the Collection Account for future distribution to Certificateholders and so used shall be replaced by the Master Servicer from its own funds by remittance to the Securities Administrator for deposit in the Securities Administration Account on or before any future Deposit Date to the extent that funds in the Certificate Account on such Deposit Date shall be less than payments to Certificateholders required to be made on the related Distribution Date.
The Master Servicer and each Servicer shall be entitled to be reimbursed from the Collection Account for all Advances made by it as provided in Section 4.02.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, in the event the Master Servicer determines in its reasonable judgment that an Advance is non-recoverable, the Master Servicer shall be under no obligation to make such Advance.
The Securities Administrator shall be entitled to be reimbursed from the Certificate Account for Advances made by it pursuant to this Section 5.04 as if it were the Master Servicer.Section 5.05Compensating Interest Payments.
The Master Servicer shall not be responsible for making any Compensating Interest Payments not made by the Servicers.
The Basis Risk Reserve Fund shall be an Eligible Account, and funds on deposit therein shall be held separate and apart from, and shall not be commingled with, any other moneys, including, without limitation, other moneys of the Trustee held pursuant to this Agreement.
(c)Funds in the Basis Risk Reserve Fund shall be invested in Eligible Investments.
The Class X Certificates shall evidence ownership of the Basis Risk Reserve Fund for federal income tax purposes and LBH on behalf of the Holder thereof shall direct the Trustee, in writing, as to investment of amounts on deposit therein.
LBH shall be liable for any losses incurred on such investments.
In the absence of written instructions from LBH as to investment of funds on deposit in the Basis Risk Reserve Fund, such funds shall be invested in the Wells Fargo Prime Money Market Fund Investment Account.
Section 5.07Supplemental Interest Trust.
The Supplemental Interest Trust shall be an Eligible Account, and funds on deposit therein shall be held separate and apart from, and shall not be commingled with, any other moneys, including, without limitation, other moneys of the Trustee held pursuant to this Agreement.
(c)Funds in the Supplemental Interest Trust shall be invested in Eligible Investments.
Any earnings on such amounts shall be distributed on each Distribution Date pursuant to Section 5.02(f).
The Class X Certificates shall evidence ownership of the Supplemental Interest Trust for federal income tax purposes and the Holder thereof shall direct the Trustee, in writing, as to investment of amounts on deposit therein.
The Class X Certificateholders shall be liable for any losses incurred on such investments.
In the absence of written instructions from The Class X Certificateholders as to investment of funds on deposit in the Supplemental Interest Trust, such funds shall be invested in the Wells Fargo Prime Money Market Fund Investment Account or comparable investment vehicle.
Any amounts on deposit in the Supplemental Interest Trust in excess of the Supplemental Interest Trust Amount on any Distribution Date shall be held for distribution pursuant to Section 5.02(f) on the following Distribution Date.
(e)It is the intention of the parties hereto that, for federal and state income and state and local franchise tax purposes, the Supplemental Interest Trust be disregarded as an entity separate from the holder of the Class X Certificates unless and until the date when either (a) there is more than one Class X Certificateholder or (b) any Class of Certificates in addition to the Class X Certificates is recharacterized as an equity interest in the Supplemental Interest Trust for federal income tax purposes.To the extent that the Supplemental Interest Trust is determined to be a separate legal entity from the Trustee, any obligation of the Trustee under the Swap Agreement shall be deemed to be an obligation of the Supplemental Interest Trust.Section 5.08Rights of Swap Counterparty.
For the protection and enforcement of the provisions of this Section the Swap Counterparty shall be entitled to such relief as can be given either at law or in equity.Section 5.09Termination Receipts .
The Trustee shall invest, or cause to be invested, funds held in the Termination Receipts Account and the Replacement Receipts Account in time deposits of the Trustee as permitted by clause (ii) of the definition of Eligible Investments or as otherwise directed in writing by a majority of the Certificateholders.
All such Eligible Investments will be made in the name of the Trustee of the Supplemental Interest Trust (in its capacity as such) or its nominee.
All income and gain realized from any such investment shall be deposited in the Termination Receipts Account or the Replacement Receipts Account, as applicable, and all losses, if any, shall be borne by the related account.
Amounts on deposit in the Replacement Receipts Account shall be held for the benefit of the related Swap Counterparty and paid to such Swap Counterparty if the Supplemental Interest Trust is required to make a payment to such Swap Counterparty following an event of default or termination event with respect to the Supplemental Interest Trust under the related Swap Agreement.
Any amounts not so applied shall, following the termination or expiration of such Swap Agreement, be paid to the Class X Certificates.ARTICLE VICONCERNING THE TRUSTEE AND THE SECURITIES ADMINISTRATOR;EVENTS OF DEFAULTSection 6.01Duties of Trustee and Securities Administrator.
(a)The Trustee, except during the continuance of an Event of Default, and the Securities Administrator, undertake to perform such duties and only such duties as are specifically set forth in this Agreement.
Any permissive right of the Trustee or the Securities Administrator provided for in this Agreement shall not be construed as a duty of the Trustee or the Securities Administrator.
If an Event of Default has occurred and has not otherwise been cured or waived, the Trustee or the Securities Administrator shall exercise such of the rights and powers vested in it by this Agreement and use the same degree of care and skill in their exercise as a prudent Person would exercise or use under the circumstances in the conduct of such Person’s own affairs, unless the Securities Administrator is acting as Master Servicer, in which case it shall use the same degree of care and skill as the Master Servicer hereunder.
(b)Each of the Trustee and the Securities Administrator, upon receipt of all resolutions, certificates, statements, opinions, reports, documents, orders or other instruments furnished to the Trustee or the Securities Administrator which are specifically required to be furnished pursuant to any provision of this Agreement, shall examine them to determine whether they are on their face in the form required by this Agreement; provided, however, that neither the Trustee nor the Securities Administrator shall be responsible for the accuracy or content of any such resolution, certificate, statement, opinion, report, document, order or other instrument furnished by the Master Servicer, any Servicer or the Credit Risk Manager to the Trustee or the Securities Administrator pursuant to this Agreement, and shall not be required to recalculate or verify any numerical information furnished to the Trustee or the Securities Administrator pursuant to this Agreement.
(c)Neither the Trustee nor the Securities Administrator shall have any liability arising out of or in connection with this Agreement, except for its negligence or willful misconduct.
Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, neither the Trustee nor the Securities Administrator shall be liable for special, indirect or consequential losses or damages of any kind whatsoever (including, but not limited to, lost profits).
No provision of this Agreement shall be construed to relieve the Trustee or the Securities Administrator from liability for its own negligent action, its own negligent failure to act or its own willful misconduct; provided, however, that:(i)Neither the Trustee nor the Securities Administrator shall be liable with respect to any action taken, suffered or omitted to be taken by it in good faith in accordance with the direction of Holders of Certificates as provided in Section 6.18 hereof;(ii)For all purposes under this Agreement, the Trustee shall not be deemed to have notice of any Event of Default unless a Responsible Officer of the Trustee has actual knowledge thereof or unless written notice of any event which is in fact such a default is received by the Trustee at the Corporate Trust Office, and such notice references the Holders of the Certificates and this Agreement;(iii)For all purposes under this Agreement, the Securities Administrator shall not be deemed to have notice of any Event of Default (other than resulting from a failure by the Master Servicer to furnish information to the Securities Administrator when required to do so) unless a Responsible Officer of the Securities Administrator has actual knowledge thereof or unless written notice of any event which is in fact such a default is received by the Securities Administrator at the address provided in Section 11.07, and such notice references the Holders of the Certificates and this Agreement;(iv)No provision of this Agreement shall require the Trustee or the Securities Administrator to expend or risk its own funds or otherwise incur any financial liability in the performance of any of its duties hereunder, or in the exercise of any of its rights or powers, if it shall have reasonable grounds for believing that repayment of such funds or adequate indemnity against such risk or liability is not reasonably assured to it; and none of the provisions contained in this Agreement shall in any event require the Trustee or the Securities Administrator to perform, or be responsible for the manner of performance of, any of the obligations of the Master Servicer under this Agreement;(v)Neither the Trustee nor the Securities Administrator shall be responsible for any act or omission of the Master Servicer, any Servicer, the Depositor, the Seller or any Custodian and neither the Securities Administrator nor the Trustee shall be responsible for any act or omission of the other.
(e)Neither the Trustee nor the Securities Administrator shall be personally liable with respect to any action taken, suffered or omitted to be taken by it in good faith in accordance with the direction of any NIMS Insurer or the Certificateholders of any Class holding Certificates which evidence, as to such Class, Percentage Interests aggregating not less than 25% as to the time, method and place of conducting any proceeding for any remedy available to the Trustee or the Securities Administrator or exercising any trust or power conferred upon the Trustee or the Securities Administrator, as applicable, under this Agreement.
(f)Neither the Trustee nor the Securities Administrator shall be required to perform services under this Agreement, or to expend or risk its own funds or otherwise incur financial liability for the performance of any of its duties hereunder or the exercise of any of its rights or powers if there is reasonable ground for believing that the timely payment of its fees and expenses or the repayment of such funds or adequate indemnity against such risk or liability is not reasonably assured to it, and none of the provisions contained in this Agreement shall in any event require the Trustee or the Securities Administrator, as applicable, to perform, or be responsible for the manner of performance of, any of the obligations of the Master Servicer or any Servicer under this Agreement or any Servicing Agreement except during such time, if any, as the Securities Administrator shall be the successor to, and be vested with the rights, duties, powers and privileges of, the Master Servicer in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.
(g)The Trustee shall not be held liable by reason of any insufficiency in the Collection Account resulting from any investment loss on any Eligible Investment included therein (except to the extent that the Trustee is the obligor and has defaulted thereon).
(h)The Trustee shall not and, except as otherwise provided herein, the Securities Administrator shall not have any duty (A) to see to any recording, filing, or depositing of this Agreement or any agreement referred to herein or any financing statement or continuation statement evidencing a security interest, or to see to the maintenance of any such recording or filing or depositing or to any rerecording, refiling or redepositing of any thereof, (B) to see to any insurance, and (C) to see to the payment or discharge of any tax, assessment, or other governmental charge or any lien or encumbrance of any kind owing with respect to, assessed or levied against, any part of the Trust Fund other than from funds available in the Collection Account, the Securities Administration Account or the Certificate Account, as applicable.
Except as otherwise provided herein, neither the Trustee nor the Securities Administrator shall have any duty to confirm or verify the contents of any reports or certificates of the Master Servicer, any Servicer or the Credit Risk Manager delivered to the Trustee or the Securities Administrator pursuant to this Agreement believed by the Trustee or the Securities Administrator, as applicable, to be genuine and to have been signed or presented by the proper party or parties.
(i)Neither the Securities Administrator  nor the Trustee shall be liable in its individual capacity for an error of judgment made in good faith by a Responsible Officer or other officers of the Trustee or the Securities Administrator, as applicable, unless it shall be proved that the Trustee or the Securities Administrator, as applicable, was negligent in ascertaining the pertinent facts.
(j)Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, neither the Securities Administrator nor the Trustee shall be liable for special, indirect or consequential losses or damages of any kind whatsoever (including, but not limited to, lost profits), even if the Trustee or the Securities Administrator, as applicable, has been advised of the likelihood of such loss or damage and regardless of the form of action.
(k)Neither the Securities Administrator nor the Trustee shall be responsible for the acts or omissions of the other, it being understood that this Agreement shall not be construed to render them agents of one another, or of the Master Servicer or any Servicer.Section 6.02Certain Matters Affecting the Trustee and the Securities Administrator.
Except as otherwise provided in Section 6.01:(i)Each of the Trustee and the Securities Administrator may request, and may rely and shall be protected in acting or refraining from acting upon any resolution, Officer’s Certificate, certificate of auditors or any other certificate, statement, instrument, opinion, report, notice, request, consent, order, approval, bond or other paper or document believed by it to be genuine and to have been signed or presented by the proper party or parties;(ii)Each of the Trustee and the Securities Administrator may consult with counsel and any advice of its counsel or Opinion of Counsel shall be full and complete authorization and protection in respect of any action taken or suffered or omitted by it hereunder in good faith and in accordance with such advice or Opinion of Counsel;(iii)Neither the Trustee nor the Securities Administrator shall be personally liable for any action taken, suffered or omitted by it in good faith and reasonably believed by it to be authorized or within the discretion or rights or powers conferred upon it by this Agreement;(iv)Unless an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, neither the Trustee nor the Securities Administrator shall be bound to make any investigation into the facts or matters stated in any resolution, certificate, statement, instrument, opinion, report, notice, request, consent, order, approval, bond or other paper or document (provided the same appears regular on its face), unless requested in writing to do so by any NIMS Insurer or the Holders of at least a majority in Class Principal Amount (or Percentage Interest) of each Class of Certificates; provided, however, that, if the payment within a reasonable time to the Trustee or the Securities Administrator, as applicable, of the costs, expenses or liabilities likely to be incurred by it in the making of such investigation is, in the opinion of the Trustee or the Securities Administrator, as applicable, not reasonably assured to the Trustee or the Securities Administrator by the security afforded to it by the terms of this Agreement, the Trustee or the Securities Administrator, as applicable, may require reasonable indemnity against such expense or liability or payment of such estimated expenses from any NIMS Insurer or the Certificateholders, as applicable, as a condition to proceeding.
The reasonable expense thereof shall be paid by the party requesting such investigation and if not reimbursed by the requesting party shall be reimbursed to the Trustee by the Trust Fund;(v)Each of the Trustee and the Securities Administrator may execute any of the trusts or powers hereunder or perform any duties hereunder either directly or by or through agents, custodians or attorneys, which agents, custodians or attorneys shall have any and all of the rights, powers, duties and obligations of the Trustee and the Securities Administrator conferred on them by such appointment, provided that each of the Trustee and the Securities Administrator shall continue to be responsible for its duties and obligations hereunder to the extent provided herein, and provided further that neither the Trustee nor the Securities Administrator shall be responsible for any misconduct or negligence on the part of any such agent or attorney appointed with due care by the Trustee or the Securities Administrator, as applicable;(vi)Neither the Trustee nor the Securities Administrator shall be under any obligation to exercise any of the trusts or powers vested in it by this Agreement or to institute, conduct or defend any litigation hereunder or in relation hereto, in each case at the request, order or direction of any of the Certificateholders or any NIMS Insurer pursuant to the provisions of this Agreement, unless such Certificateholders or any NIMS Insurer shall have offered to the Trustee or the Securities Administrator, as applicable, reasonable security or indemnity against the costs, expenses and liabilities which may be incurred therein or thereby;(vii)The right of the Trustee and the Securities Administrator to perform any discretionary act enumerated in this Agreement shall not be construed as a duty, and neither the Trustee nor the Securities Administrator shall be answerable for other than its negligence or willful misconduct in the performance of such act; and(viii)Neither the Trustee nor the Securities Administrator shall be required to give any bond or surety in respect of the execution of the Trust Fund created hereby or the powers granted hereunder.Section 6.03Trustee and Securities Administrator Not Liable for Certificates.
The Trustee and the Securities Administrator make no representations as to the validity or sufficiency of this Agreement, the Swap Agreement or the Certificates (other than the certificate of authentication on the Certificates) or of any Mortgage Loan, or related document save that the Trustee and the Securities Administrator represent that, assuming due execution and delivery by the other parties hereto, this Agreement has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by it and constitutes its valid and binding obligation, enforceable against it in accordance with its terms except that such enforceability may be subject to (A) applicable bankruptcy and insolvency laws and other similar laws affecting the enforcement of the rights of creditors generally, and (B) general principles of equity regardless of whether such enforcement is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law.
The Trustee and the Securities Administrator shall not be accountable for the use or application by the Depositor of funds paid to the Depositor in consideration of the assignment of the Mortgage Loans to the Trust Fund by the Depositor or for the use or application of any funds deposited into the Collection Account, the Certificate Account, the Securities Administration Account any Escrow Account or any other fund or account maintained with respect to the Certificates.
The Trustee and the Securities Administrator shall not be responsible for the legality or validity of this Agreement or the validity, priority, perfection or sufficiency of the security for the Certificates issued or intended to be issued hereunder.
The Trustee shall not, and except as otherwise provided herein, the Securities Administrator shall have no responsibility for filing any financing or continuation statement in any public office at any time or to otherwise perfect or maintain the perfection of any security interest or lien granted to it hereunder or to record this Agreement.Section 6.04Trustee and the Securities Administrator May Own Certificates.
The Trustee and the Securities Administrator and any Affiliate or agent of either of them in its individual or any other capacity may become the owner or pledgee of Certificates and may transact banking and trust business with the other parties hereto and their Affiliates with the same rights it would have if it were not Trustee, Securities Administrator  or such agent.Section 6.05Eligibility Requirements for Trustee and Securities Administrator.
The Trustee and the Securities Administrator hereunder shall at all times be (i) an institution whose accounts are insured by the FDIC, (ii) a corporation or national banking association, organized and doing business under the laws of any State or the United States of America, authorized under such laws to exercise corporate trust powers, having a combined capital and surplus of not less than $50,000,000 and subject to supervision or examination by federal or state authority and (iii) not an Affiliate of the Master Servicer or any Servicer (except in the case of the Securities Administrator).
If such corporation or national banking association publishes reports of condition at least annually, pursuant to law or to the requirements of the aforesaid supervising or examining authority, then, for the purposes of this Section, the combined capital and surplus of such corporation or national banking association shall be deemed to be its combined capital and surplus as set forth in its most recent report of condition so published.
In case at any time the Trustee or the Securities Administrator shall cease to be eligible in accordance with provisions of this Section, the Trustee or the Securities Administrator, as applicable, shall resign immediately in the manner and with the effect specified in Section 6.06.Section 6.06Resignation and Removal of Trustee and the Securities Administrator.
If no successor trustee or successor securities administrator shall have been so appointed and shall have accepted appointment within 30 days after the giving of such notice of resignation, the resigning Trustee or resigning Securities Administrator, as applicable, may petition any court of competent jurisdiction for the appointment of a successor trustee or successor securities administrator, as applicable.
(d)Any resignation or removal of the Trustee or the Securities Administrator, as applicable, and appointment of a successor trustee or successor securities administrator pursuant to any of the provisions of this Section shall become effective upon acceptance of appointment by the successor trustee or the successor securities administrator, as applicable, as provided in Section 6.07.Section 6.07Successor Trustee and Successor Securities Administrator.
(a)Any successor trustee or successor securities administrator appointed as provided in Section 6.06 shall execute, acknowledge and deliver to the Depositor, the Master Servicer, any NIMS Insurer and to its predecessor trustee or predecessor securities administrator, as applicable, an instrument accepting such appointment hereunder, and thereupon the resignation or removal of the predecessor trustee or predecessor securities administrator, as applicable, shall become effective and such successor trustee or successor securities administrator, as applicable, without any further act, deed or conveyance, shall become fully vested with all the rights, powers, duties and obligations of its predecessor hereunder, with like effect as if originally named as trustee or securities administrator, as applicable, herein.
In addition, the Master Servicer and the predecessor trustee or predecessor securities administrator, as applicable, shall execute and deliver such other instruments and do such other things as may reasonably be required to more fully and certainly vest and confirm in the successor trustee or successor securities administrator, as applicable, all such rights, powers, duties and obligations.
(b)No successor trustee or successor securities administrator shall accept appointment as provided in this Section unless at the time of such appointment such successor trustee or successor securities administrator shall be eligible under the provisions of Section 6.05.
(c)Upon acceptance of appointment by a successor trustee or successor securities administrator, as applicable, as provided in this Section, the predecessor trustee or predecessor securities administrator, as applicable, shall mail notice of the succession of such trustee or securities administrator, as applicable, hereunder to all Holders of Certificates at their addresses as shown in the Certificate Register and to any Rating Agency.
The expenses of such mailing shall be borne by the predecessor trustee or predecessor securities administrator, as applicable.Section 6.08Merger or Consolidation of Trustee or the Securities Administrator.
Any Person into which the Trustee or Securities Administrator may be merged or with which it may be consolidated, or any Person resulting from any merger, conversion or consolidation to which the Trustee or Securities Administrator shall be a party, or any Persons succeeding to the business of the Trustee or Securities Administrator, shall be the successor to the Trustee or Securities Administrator hereunder, without the execution or filing of any paper or any further act on the part of any of the parties hereto, anything herein to the contrary notwithstanding, provided that, in the case of the Trustee, such Person shall be eligible under the provisions of Section 6.05.Section 6.09Appointment of Co-Trustee, Separate Trustee or Custodian.
(a)Notwithstanding any other provisions hereof, at any time, the Trustee, the Depositor or the Certificateholders evidencing more than 50% of the Class Principal Amount (or Percentage Interest) of every Class of Certificates shall have the power from time to time to appoint one or more Persons, approved by the Trustee and any NIMS Insurer, to act either as co-trustees jointly with the Trustee, or as separate trustees, or as custodians, for the purpose of holding title to, foreclosing or otherwise taking action with respect to any Mortgage Loan outside the state where the Trustee has its principal place of business where such separate trustee or co-trustee is necessary or advisable (or the Trustee has been advised by the Master Servicer that such separate trustee or co-trustee is necessary or advisable) under the laws of any state in which a property securing a Mortgage Loan is located or for the purpose of otherwise conforming to any legal requirement, restriction or condition in any state in which a property securing a Mortgage Loan is located or in any state in which any portion of the Trust Fund is located.
The separate Trustees, co-trustees, or custodians so appointed shall be trustees or custodians for the benefit of all the Certificateholders and shall have such powers, rights and remedies as shall be specified in the instrument of appointment; provided, however, that no such appointment shall, or shall be deemed to, constitute the appointee an agent of the Trustee.
The obligation of the Securities Administrator to make Advances pursuant to Section 5.04 and 6.14 hereof shall not be affected or assigned by the appointment of a co-trustee.
(b)Every separate trustee, co-trustee, and custodian shall, to the extent permitted by law, be appointed and act subject to the following provisions and conditions:(i)all powers, duties, obligations and rights conferred upon the Trustee in respect of the receipt, custody and payment of moneys shall be exercised solely by the Trustee;(ii)all other rights, powers, duties and obligations conferred or imposed upon the Trustee shall be conferred or imposed upon and exercised or performed by the Trustee and such separate trustee, co-trustee, or custodian jointly, except to the extent that under any law of any jurisdiction in which any particular act or acts are to be performed the Trustee shall be incompetent or unqualified to perform such act or acts, in which event such rights, powers, duties and obligations, including the holding of title to the Trust Fund or any portion thereof in any such jurisdiction, shall be exercised and performed by such separate trustee, co-trustee, or custodian;(iii)no trustee or custodian hereunder shall be personally liable by reason of any act or omission of any other trustee or custodian hereunder; and(iv)the Trustee or the Certificateholders evidencing more than 50% of the Aggregate Voting Interests of the Certificates may at any time accept the resignation of or remove any separate trustee, co-trustee or custodian, so appointed by it or them, if such resignation or removal does not violate the other terms of this Agreement.
Every instrument appointing any separate trustee, co-trustee or custodian shall refer to this Agreement and the conditions of this Article VI.
Each separate trustee and co-trustee, upon its acceptance of the trusts conferred, shall be vested with the estates or property specified in its instrument of appointment, either jointly with the Trustee or separately, as may be provided therein, subject to all the provisions of this Agreement, specifically including every provision of this Agreement relating to the conduct of, affecting the liability of, or affording protection to, the Trustee.
(d)Any separate trustee, co-trustee or custodian may, at any time, constitute the Trustee its agent or attorney-in-fact with full power and authority, to the extent not prohibited by law, to do any lawful act under or in respect of this Agreement on its behalf and in its name.
If any separate trustee, co-trustee or custodian shall die, become incapable of acting, resign or be removed, all of its estates, properties, rights, remedies and trusts shall vest in and be exercised by the Trustee, to the extent permitted by law, without the appointment of a new or successor trustee.
(e)No separate trustee, co-trustee or custodian hereunder shall be required to meet the terms of eligibility as a successor trustee under Section 6.05 hereunder and no notice to Certificateholders of the appointment shall be required under Section 6.07 hereof.
(f)The Trustee agrees to instruct the co-trustees, if any, to the extent necessary to fulfill the Trustee’s obligations hereunder.
(g)The Trustee shall pay the reasonable compensation of the co-trustees requested by the Trustee to be so appointed (which compensation shall not reduce any compensation payable to the Trustee ) and, if paid by the Trustee, shall be a reimbursable expense pursuant to Section 6.12.Section 6.10Authenticating Agents.
(a)The Trustee may appoint one or more Authenticating Agents which shall be authorized to act on behalf of the Trustee in authenticating Certificates.
Wherever reference is made in this Agreement to the authentication of Certificates by the Trustee or the Trustee’s certificate of authentication, such reference shall be deemed to include authentication on behalf of the Trustee by an Authenticating Agent and a certificate of authentication executed on behalf of the Trustee by an Authenticating Agent.
Each Authenticating Agent must be a corporation organized and doing business under the laws of the United States of America or of any state, having a combined capital and surplus of at least $15,000,000, authorized under such laws to do a trust business and subject to supervision or examination by federal or state authorities and acceptable to any NIMS Insurer.
(b)Any Person into which any Authenticating Agent may be merged or converted or with which it may be consolidated, or any Person resulting from any merger, conversion or consolidation to which any Authenticating Agent shall be a party, or any Person succeeding to the corporate agency business of any Authenticating Agent, shall continue to be the Authenticating Agent without the execution or filing of any paper or any further act on the part of the Trustee or the Authenticating Agent.
Any successor Authenticating Agent upon acceptance of its appointment hereunder shall become vested with all the rights, powers, duties and responsibilities of its predecessor hereunder, with like effect as if originally named as Authenticating Agent.
No successor Authenticating Agent shall be appointed unless eligible under the provisions of this Section 6.10.
No Authenticating Agent shall have responsibility or liability for any action taken by it as such at the direction of the Trustee.
Any Authenticating Agent shall be entitled to reasonable compensation for its services and, if paid by the Trustee, it shall be a reimbursable expense pursuant to Section 6.12.Section 6.11Indemnification of Trustee and Securities Administrator.
The Trustee and the Securities Administrator and their respective directors, officers, employees and agents shall be entitled to indemnification from the Trust Fund for any loss, liability or expense incurred in connection with any legal proceeding or incurred without negligence or willful misconduct on their part, arising out of, or in connection with, the acceptance or administration of the trusts created hereunder or in connection with the performance of their duties hereunder or under the Swap Agreement, the Mortgage Loan Sale Agreement, any Transfer Agreement, any Servicing Agreement or any Custodial Agreement, including any applicable fees and expenses payable pursuant to Section 6.12 and the costs and expenses of defending themselves against any claim in connection with the exercise or performance of any of their powers or duties hereunder, provided that:(i)with respect to any such claim, the Trustee or the Securities Administrator, as applicable, shall have given the Depositor, the Master Servicer, any NIMS Insurer and the Holders written notice thereof promptly after a Responsible Officer of the Trustee or the Securities Administrator, as applicable, shall have knowledge thereof provided that the failure to provide such prompt written notice shall not affect the Trustee’s or Securities Administrator’s right to indemnification hereunder;(ii)while maintaining control over its own defense, the Trustee or the Securities Administrator, as applicable, shall cooperate and consult fully with the Depositor, the Master Servicer and any NIMS Insurer in preparing such defense; and(iii)notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 6.11, the Trust Fund shall not be liable for settlement of any such claim by the Trustee or the Securities Administrator, as applicable, entered into without the prior consent of the Depositor, the Master Servicer and any NIMS Insurer, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld.The Trustee shall be further indemnified by the Seller for and held harmless against, any loss, liability or expense arising out of, or in connection with, the provisions set forth in the third paragraph of Section 2.01(a) hereof, including, without limitation, all costs, liabilities and expenses (including reasonable legal fees and expenses) of investigating and defending itself against any claim, action or proceeding, pending or threatened, relating to the provisions of such paragraph.The Trustee shall be further indemnified by the Seller for and held harmless against, any loss, liability or expense arising out of, or in connection with, the provisions set forth in the third paragraph of Section 2.01(a) hereof, including, without limitation, all costs, liabilities and expenses (including reasonable legal fees and expenses) of investigating and defending itself against any claim, action or proceeding, pending or threatened, relating to the provisions of such paragraph.The provisions of this Section 6.11 shall survive any termination of this Agreement and the resignation or removal of the Trustee or the Securities Administrator, as applicable, and shall be construed to include, but not be limited to any loss, liability or expense under any environmental law.Section 6.12Fees and Expenses of Securities Administrator, Trustee and Custodians.
The Securities Administrator shall be entitled to any remaining investment income and earnings on the Securities Administration Account.
The Trustee shall be entitled to any investment income and earnings on the Certificate Account.
The Trustee and the Securities Administrator shall be entitled to reimbursement of all reasonable expenses, disbursements and advances incurred or made by the Securities Administrator or Trustee, as applicable, in accordance with this Agreement (including fees and expenses of its counsel and all persons not regularly in its employment and any amounts described in Section 10.01 to which such party is entitled as provided therein), except for expenses, disbursements and advances incurred by the Trustee or Securities Administrator in the routine administration of its duties hereunder and any such expenses arising from its negligence, bad faith or willful misconduct.
If the Trustee Fee is not fully paid from investment income and earnings on amounts on deposit in the Securities Administration Account and the Securities Administrator Fee, the Trust Fund shall immediately reimburse the Trustee upon demand for any shortfall from amounts on deposit in the Certificate Account.
Each Custodian shall receive compensation and reimbursement or payment of its expenses under the applicable Custodial Agreement as provided therein; provided that, to the extent required under Section 6 of the applicable Custodial Agreement, the Trustee is hereby authorized to pay such compensation from amounts on deposit in the Certificate Account prior to any distributions to Certificateholders pursuant to Section 5.02 hereof.Section 6.13Collection of Monies.
The Trustee shall hold all such money and property received by it as part of the Trust Fund and shall distribute it as provided in this Agreement.
If the Trustee shall not have timely received amounts to be remitted with respect to the Mortgage Loans from the Master Servicer, the Trustee shall request the Master Servicer to make such distribution as promptly as practicable or legally permitted.
On or after the receipt by the Master Servicer of such written notice, all authority and power of the Master Servicer, and only in its capacity as Master Servicer under this Agreement, whether with respect to the Mortgage Loans or otherwise, shall pass to and be vested in the Securities Administrator and upon receipt of written notice by the Securities Administrator from the Trustee pursuant to and under the terms of this Agreement; provided, however, the parties acknowledge that notwithstanding the preceding sentence there may be a transition period, not to exceed 90 days, in order to effect the transfer of the Master Servicing obligations to the Securities Administrator.
The Master Servicer being terminated (or the Trust Fund, if the Master Servicer is unable to fulfill its obligations hereunder) as a result of an Event of Default shall bear all costs of a master servicing transfer, including but not limited to those of the Trustee or Securities Administrator reasonably allocable to specific employees and overhead, legal fees and expenses, accounting and financial consulting fees and expenses, and costs of amending the Agreement, if necessary.The Securities Administrator and the Trustee shall be entitled to be reimbursed from the Master Servicer (or by the Trust Fund, if the Master Servicer is unable to fulfill its obligations hereunder) for all costs associated with the transfer of master servicing from the predecessor Master Servicer, including, without limitation, any costs or expenses associated with the complete transfer of all master servicing data and the completion, correction or manipulation of such servicing data as may be required by the Securities Administrator to correct any errors or insufficiencies in the master servicing data or otherwise to enable the Securities Administrator to master service the Mortgage Loans properly and effectively.
In addition, the Securities Administrator shall have no responsibility for any act or omission of the Master Servicer prior to the issuance of any notice of termination and within a period of time not to exceed 90 days after the Securities Administrator receives written notice from the Trustee pursuant to Section 6.14(a) or Section 9.28, as applicable.
The Securities Administrator shall have no liability relating to the representations and warranties of the Master Servicer set forth in Section 9.14.
In the Securities Administrator’s capacity as such successor, the Securities Administrator shall have the same limitations on liability herein granted to the Master Servicer.
As compensation therefor, the Securities Administrator shall be entitled to receive all compensation payable to the Master Servicer under this Agreement, including the Master Servicing Fee.
(c)Notwithstanding the above, the Securities Administrator may, if it shall be unwilling to continue to so act, or shall, if it is unable to so act, request the Trustee to appoint, petition a court of competent jurisdiction to appoint, or appoint on its own behalf any established housing and home finance institution servicer, master servicer, servicing or mortgage servicing institution having a net worth of not less than $15,000,000 and meeting such other standards for a successor master servicer as are set forth in this Agreement, as the successor to such Master Servicer in the assumption of all of the responsibilities, duties or liabilities of the Master Servicer hereunder.
Any entity designated by the Trustee or the Securities Administrator as a successor master servicer may be an Affiliate of the Trustee or the Securities Administrator; provided, however, that, unless such Affiliate meets the net worth requirements and other standards set forth herein for a successor master servicer, the Trustee or the Securities Administrator, in its individual capacity shall agree, at the time of such designation, to be and remain liable to the Trust Fund for such Affiliate’s actions and omissions in performing its duties hereunder.
In connection with such appointment and assumption, the Trustee or the Securities Administrator may make such arrangements for the compensation of such successor out of payments on Mortgage Loans as it and such successor shall agree; provided, however, that no such compensation shall be in excess of that permitted to the Master Servicer hereunder.
The Trustee, the Securities Administrator and such successor shall take such actions, consistent with this Agreement, as shall be necessary to effectuate any such succession and may make other arrangements with respect to the servicing to be conducted hereunder which are not inconsistent herewith.
Neither the Trustee, the Securities Administrator nor any other successor master servicer shall be deemed to be in default hereunder by reason of any failure to make, or any delay in making, any distribution hereunder or any portion thereof caused by (i) the failure of the Master Servicer to deliver, or any delay in delivering, cash, documents or records to it, (ii) the failure of the Master Servicer to cooperate as required by this Agreement, (iii) the failure of the Master Servicer to deliver the Mortgage Loan data to the Securities Administrator as required by this Agreement or (iv) restrictions imposed by any regulatory authority having jurisdiction over the Master Servicer.
Neither the Securities Administrator nor any other successor master servicer shall be deemed to be in default hereunder by reason of any failure to make, or any delay in making, any distribution hereunder or any portion thereof caused by (i) the failure of the Trustee to deliver, or any delay in delivering cash, documents or records to it, or (ii) the failure of Trustee to cooperate as required by this Agreement.Section 6.15Additional Remedies of Trustee Upon Event of Default.
During the continuance of any Event of Default, so long as such Event of Default shall not have been remedied, the Trustee, in addition to the rights specified in Section 6.14, shall have the right, in its own name and as trustee of an express trust, to take all actions now or hereafter existing at law, in equity or by statute to enforce its rights and remedies and to protect the interests, and enforce the rights and remedies, of any NIMS Insurer and the Certificateholders (including the institution and prosecution of all judicial, administrative and other proceedings and the filings of proofs of claim and debt in connection therewith).
Except as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement, no remedy provided for by this Agreement shall be exclusive of any other remedy, and each and every remedy shall be cumulative and in addition to any other remedy, and no delay or omission to exercise any right or remedy shall impair any such right or remedy or shall be deemed to be a waiver of any Event of Default.Section 6.16Waiver of Defaults.
More than 50% of the Aggregate Voting Interests of Certificateholders (with the consent of any NIMS Insurer) may waive any default or Event of Default by the Master Servicer in the performance of its obligations hereunder, except that a default in the making of any required deposit to the Certificate Account that would result in a failure of the Trustee to make any required payment of principal of or interest on the Certificates may only be waived with the consent of 100% of the affected Certificateholders and with the consent of any NIMS Insurer.
Upon any such waiver of a past default, such default shall cease to exist, and any Event of Default arising therefrom shall be deemed to have been remedied for every purpose of this Agreement.
No such waiver shall extend to any subsequent or other default or impair any right consequent thereon except to the extent expressly so waived.Section 6.17Notification to Holders.
Subject to the provisions of Section 8.01 hereof, during the continuance of any Event of Default, Holders of Certificates evidencing not less than 25% of the Class Principal Amount (or Percentage Interest) of each Class of Certificates affected thereby may, with the consent of any NIMS Insurer, direct the time, method and place of conducting any proceeding for any remedy available to the Trustee, or exercising any trust or power conferred upon the Trustee, under this Agreement; provided, however, that the Trustee shall be under no obligation to pursue any such remedy, or to exercise any of the trusts or powers vested in it by this Agreement (including, without limitation, (i) the conducting or defending of any administrative action or litigation hereunder or in relation hereto and (ii) the terminating of the Master Servicer or any successor master servicer from its rights and duties as master servicer hereunder) at the request, order or direction of any of the Certificateholders or any NIMS Insurer, unless such Certificateholders or any NIMS Insurer shall have offered to the Trustee reasonable security or indemnity against the cost, expenses and liabilities which may be incurred therein or thereby; and, provided further, that, subject to the provisions of Section 8.01, the Trustee shall have the right to decline to follow any such direction if the Trustee, in accordance with an Opinion of Counsel acceptable to any NIMS Insurer, determines that the action or proceeding so directed may not lawfully be taken or if the Trustee in good faith determines that the action or proceeding so directed would involve it in personal liability for which it is not indemnified to its satisfaction or be unjustly prejudicial to the non-assenting Certificateholders.Section 6.19Action Upon Certain Failures of the Master Servicer and Upon Event of Default.
In the event that the Trustee or the Securities Administrator shall have actual knowledge of any action or inaction of the Master Servicer that would become an Event of Default upon the Master Servicer’s failure to remedy the same after notice, the Trustee or the Securities Administrator, as applicable, shall give notice thereof to the Master Servicer and any NIMS Insurer and the Trustee or Securities Administrator, as applicable.Section 6.20Preparation of Tax Returns and Other Reports.
(a)The Securities Administrator shall prepare or cause to be prepared on behalf of the Trust Fund, based upon information calculated in accordance with this Agreement pursuant to instructions given by the Depositor, and the Securities Administrator shall file federal tax returns, all in accordance with Article X hereof.
If the Securities Administrator determines that a state tax return or other return is required, then, at its sole expense, the Securities Administrator shall prepare and file such state income tax returns and such other returns as may be required by applicable law relating to the Trust Fund, and, if required by state law, and shall file any other documents to the extent required by applicable state tax law (to the extent such documents are in the Securities Administrator’s possession).
The Master Servicer will indemnify the Securities Administrator and the Trustee for any liability of or assessment against the Securities Administrator and the Trustee, as applicable, resulting from any error in any of such tax or information returns directly resulting from errors in the information provided by such Master Servicer.
The Trustee shall have no obligation to verify the information in any Form 8811 or Form SS-4 filing.
Each Form 10-K shall include the certification required pursuant to Rule 13a-14 under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934 (the “1934 Act”), as amended (the “Form 10-K Certification”) signed by an appropriate party or parties (which Form 10-K Certification neither the Securities Administrator nor the Trustee shall be required to prepare or sign) and such other information as is required by the Rules.
The Depositor hereby grants to the Securities Administrator a limited power of attorney to execute and file each Form 8-K (or other applicable form for filing of periodic reports) and, if applicable, each prospectus supplement to be filed pursuant to Rule 424, on behalf of the Depositor.
The Securities Administrator shall have no responsibility to file any items other than those specified in this section.
(e)Each person (including their officers or directors) that signs any Form 10-K Certification shall be entitled to indemnification from the Trust Fund for any liability or expense incurred by it in connection with such certification, other than any liability or expense attributable to such Person’s own bad faith, negligence or willful misconduct.
The provisions of this subsection shall survive any termination of this Agreement and the resignation or removal of such Person.Section 6.21Reporting Requirements of the CommissionThe Trustee, the Master Servicer and the Securities Administrator shall reasonably cooperate with the Depositor and its counsel to enter into such amendments or modifications to the Agreement as may be necessary to comply with the Rules and any interpretation thereof by the staff of the Commission, subject to the provisions of Section 11.03 hereof.ARTICLE VIIPURCHASE OF MORTGAGE LOANS ANDTERMINATION OF THE TRUST FUNDSection 7.01Purchase of Mortgage Loans; Termination of Trust Fund Upon Purchase or Liquidation of All Mortgage Loans.
The Master Servicer, each Servicer, the Securities Administrator (or the Trustee, if applicable) and the Custodian shall be reimbursed from the Termination Price for any Mortgage Loan or related REO Property for any Advances made or other amounts advanced with respect to the Mortgage Loans that are reimbursable to any such entity under this Agreement, the related Servicing Agreement or the Custodial Agreement, together with any accrued and unpaid compensation and any other amounts due to the Master Servicer, the Securities Administrator or the Trustee hereunder or the Servicers or the Custodian.
The NIMS Insurer shall be obligated to reimburse the Master Servicer for its reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with its termination of the Trust Fund at the direction of the NIMS Insurer and shall indemnify and hold harmless the Master Servicer for any losses, liabilities or expenses resulting from any claims directly resulting from or relating to the Master Servicer’s termination of the Trust Fund at the direction of the NIMS Insurer, except to the extent such losses, liabilities or expenses arise out of or result from the Master Servicer’s negligence, bad faith or willful misconduct.Section 7.02Procedure Upon Termination of Trust Fund.
No interest shall accrue on any amount held by the Trustee and not distributed to a Certificateholder due to such Certificateholder’s failure to surrender its Certificate(s) for payment of the final distribution thereon in accordance with this Section.
(c)Any reasonable expenses incurred by the Trustee in connection with any termination or liquidation of the Trust Fund shall be reimbursed from proceeds received from the liquidation of the Trust Fund.Section 7.03Additional Trust Fund Termination Requirements.
(b)By its acceptance of a Residual Certificate, each Holder thereof hereby agrees to accept the plan of complete liquidation prepared by the Depositor and adopted by the Trustee under this Section and to take such other action in connection therewith as may be reasonably requested by the Master Servicer or any Servicer.
The NIMS Insurer shall not use any procedure in selecting Distressed Mortgage Loans to be repurchased which would be materially adverse to Certificateholders.ARTICLE VIIIRIGHTS OF CERTIFICATEHOLDERSSection 8.01Limitation on Rights of Holders.
Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, no Certificateholder, solely by virtue of its status as a Certificateholder, shall have any right to vote or in any manner otherwise control the Master Servicer or the operation and management of the Trust Fund, or the obligations of the parties hereto, nor shall anything herein set forth, or contained in the terms of the Certificates, be construed so as to constitute the Certificateholders from time to time as partners or members of an association, nor shall any Certificateholder be under any liability to any third person by reason of any action taken by the parties to this Agreement pursuant to any provision hereof.
(b)No Certificateholder, solely by virtue of its status as Certificateholder, shall have any right by virtue or by availing of any provision of this Agreement to institute any suit, action or proceeding in equity or at law upon or under or with respect to this Agreement, unless such Holder previously shall have given to the Trustee a written notice of an Event of Default and of the continuance thereof, as hereinbefore provided, and unless also the Holders of Certificates evidencing not less than 25% of the Class Principal Amount (or Percentage Interest) of Certificates of each Class affected thereby shall, with the prior written consent of any NIMS Insurer, have made written request upon the Trustee to institute such action, suit or proceeding in its own name as Trustee hereunder and shall have offered to the Trustee such reasonable indemnity as it may require against the cost, expenses and liabilities to be incurred therein or thereby, and the Trustee, for sixty days after its receipt of such notice, request and offer of indemnity, shall have neglected or refused to institute any such action, suit or proceeding and no direction inconsistent with such written request has been given the Trustee during such sixty-day period by such Certificateholders or any NIMS Insurer; it being understood and intended, and being expressly covenanted by each Certificateholder with every other Certificateholder, any NIMS Insurer, the Securities Administrator and the Trustee, that no one or more Holders of Certificates shall have any right in any manner whatever by virtue or by availing of any provision of this Agreement to affect, disturb or prejudice the rights of the Holders of any other of such Certificates or the rights of any NIMS Insurer, or to obtain or seek to obtain priority over or preference to any other such Holder or any NIMS Insurer, or to enforce any right under this Agreement, except in the manner herein provided and for the benefit of all Certificateholders.
For the protection and enforcement of the provisions of this Section, each and every Certificateholder, the NIMS Insurer and the Trustee shall be entitled to such relief as can be given either at law or in equity.Section 8.02Access to List of Holders.
(c)Every Holder or Certificate Owner, if the Holder is a Clearing Agency, by receiving and holding a Certificate, agrees with the Depositor, the Master Servicer, the Securities Administrator, any NIMS Insurer, the Certificate Registrar and the Trustee that neither the Depositor, the Master Servicer, the Securities Administrator, any NIMS Insurer, the Certificate Registrar nor the Trustee shall be held accountable by reason of the disclosure of any such information as to the names and addresses of the Certificateholders hereunder, regardless of the source from which such information was derived.Section 8.03Acts of Holders of Certificates.
(a)Any request, demand, authorization, direction, notice, consent, waiver or other action provided by this Agreement to be given or taken by Holders or Certificate Owner, if the Holder is a Clearing Agency, may be embodied in and evidenced by one or more instruments of substantially similar tenor signed by such Holders in person or by agent duly appointed in writing; and, except as herein otherwise expressly provided, such action shall become effective when such instrument or instruments are delivered to the Trustee and the Securities Administrator and, where expressly required herein, to the Master Servicer.
Such instrument or instruments (as the action embodies therein and evidenced thereby) are herein sometimes referred to as an “Act” of the Holders signing such instrument or instruments.
Proof of execution of any such instrument or of a writing appointing any such agents shall be sufficient for any purpose of this Agreement and conclusive in favor of the Trustee, the Securities Administrator and the Master Servicer, if made in the manner provided in this Section.
(b)The fact and date of the execution by any Person of any such instrument or writing may be proved by the affidavit of a witness of such execution or by the certificate of any notary public or other officer authorized by law to take acknowledgments or deeds, certifying that the individual signing such instrument or writing acknowledged to him the execution thereof.
Whenever such execution is by an officer of a corporation or a member of a partnership on behalf of such corporation or partnership, such certificate or affidavit shall also constitute sufficient proof of his authority.
The fact and date of the execution of any such instrument or writing, or the authority of the individual executing the same, may also be proved in any other manner which the Trustee deems sufficient.
(c)The ownership of Certificates (whether or not such Certificates shall be overdue and notwithstanding any notation of ownership or other writing thereon made by anyone other than the Trustee) shall be proved by the Certificate Register, and none of  the Trustee, the Master Servicer, the Securities Administrator, the NIMS Insurer, or the Depositor shall be affected by any notice to the contrary.
(d)Any request, demand, authorization, direction, notice, consent, waiver or other action by the Holder of any Certificate shall bind every future Holder of the same Certificate and the Holder of every Certificate issued upon the registration of transfer thereof or in exchange therefor or in lieu thereof, in respect of anything done, omitted or suffered to be done by the Trustee or the Master Servicer in reliance thereon, whether or not notation of such action is made upon such Certificate.ARTICLE IXADMINISTRATION AND SERVICING OF MORTGAGE LOANSBY THE MASTER SERVICER; CREDIT RISK MANAGERSection 9.01Duties of the Master Servicer.
The Certificateholders, by their purchase and acceptance of the Certificates, appoint Aurora Loan Services Inc., as Master Servicer.
For and on behalf of the Depositor, the Trustee and the Certificateholders, the Master Servicer shall master service the Mortgage Loans in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement and the provisions of each Servicing Agreement.
Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement, any Servicing Agreement or any Credit Risk Management Agreement to the contrary, the Master Servicer shall have no duty or obligation to enforce any Credit Risk Management Agreement or to supervise, monitor or oversee the activities of any Servicer under its Credit Risk Management Agreement with respect to any action taken or not taken by a Servicer at the direction of the Seller or pursuant to a recommendation of the Credit Risk Manager.Section 9.02Master Servicer Fidelity Bond and Master Servicer Errors and Omissions Insurance Policy.
(a)The Master Servicer, at its expense, shall maintain in effect a Master Servicer Fidelity Bond and a Master Servicer Errors and Omissions Insurance Policy, affording coverage with respect to all directors, officers, employees and other Persons acting on such Master Servicer’s behalf, and covering errors and omissions in the performance of the Master Servicer’s obligations hereunder.
The total losses, regardless of whether claims are filed with the applicable insurer or surety, shall be disclosed in such reports together with the amount of such losses covered by insurance.
Any amounts relating to the Mortgage Loans collected by the applicable Servicer under any such bond or policy shall be remitted to the Master Servicer to the extent provided in the applicable Servicing Agreement.Section 9.03Master Servicer’s Financial Statements and Related Information.
Such financial statements shall include a balance sheet, income statement, statement of retained earnings, statement of additional paid-in capital, statement of changes in financial position and all related notes and schedules and shall be in comparative form, certified by a nationally recognized firm of Independent Accountants to the effect that such statements were examined and prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles applied on a basis consistent with that of the preceding year.Section 9.04Power to Act; Procedures.
(a)The Master Servicer shall master service the Mortgage Loans and shall have full power and authority, subject to the REMIC Provisions and the provisions of Article X hereof, and each Servicer shall have full power and authority (to the extent provided in the applicable Servicing Agreement) to do any and all things that it may deem necessary or desirable in connection with the servicing and administration of the Mortgage Loans, including but not limited to the power and authority (i) to execute and deliver, on behalf of the Certificateholders and the Trustee, customary consents or waivers and other instruments and documents, (ii) to consent to transfers of any Mortgaged Property and assumptions of the Mortgage Notes and related Mortgages, (iii) to collect any Insurance Proceeds and Liquidation Proceeds, and (iv) to effectuate foreclosure or other conversion of the ownership of the Mortgaged Property securing any Mortgage Loan, in each case, in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement and the applicable Servicing Agreement, as applicable; provided that the Master Servicer shall not take, or knowingly permit any Servicer to take, any action that is inconsistent with or prejudices the interests of the Trust Fund or the Certificateholders in any Mortgage Loan or the rights and interests of the Depositor, the Trustee, the Certificateholders under this Agreement.
The Master Servicer shall represent and protect the interests of the Trust Fund in the same manner as it protects its own interests in mortgage loans in its own portfolio in any claim, proceeding or litigation regarding a Mortgage Loan and shall not make or knowingly permit any Servicer to make any modification, waiver or amendment of any term of any Mortgage Loan that would cause an Adverse REMIC Event.
Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Master Servicer in its own name or in the name of a Servicer, and each Servicer, to the extent such authority is delegated to such Servicer under the applicable Servicing Agreement, is hereby authorized and empowered by the Trustee when the Master Servicer or such Servicer, as the case may be, believes it appropriate in its best judgment and in accordance with Accepted Servicing Practices and the applicable Servicing Agreement, to execute and deliver, on behalf of itself and the Certificateholders, the Trustee or any of them, any and all instruments of satisfaction or cancellation, or of partial or full release or discharge and all other comparable instruments, with respect to the Mortgage Loans and with respect to the Mortgaged Properties.
If the Master Servicer or the Trustee has been advised that it is likely that the laws of the state in which action is to be taken prohibit such action if taken in the name of the Trustee or that the Trustee would be adversely affected under the “doing business” or tax laws of such state if such action is taken in its name, then upon request of the Trustee the Master Servicer shall join with the Trustee in the appointment of a co-trustee pursuant to Section 6.09 hereof.
In no event shall the Master Servicer, without the Trustee’s written consent:  (i) initiate any action, suit or proceeding solely under the Trustee’s name without indicating the Master Servicer’s representative capacity or (ii) take any action with the intent to cause, and which actually does cause, the Trustee to be registered to do business in any state.
The Master Servicer shall indemnify the Trustee for any and all costs, liabilities and expenses incurred by the Trustee in connection with the negligent or willful misuse of such powers of attorney by the Master Servicer.
In the performance of its duties hereunder, the Master Servicer shall be an independent contractor and shall not, except in those instances where it is taking action in the name of the Trustee on behalf of the Trust Fund, be deemed to be the agent of the Trustee.
(b)In master servicing and administering the Mortgage Loans, the Master Servicer shall employ procedures and exercise the same care that it customarily employs and exercises in master servicing and administering loans for its own account, giving due consideration to Accepted Servicing Practices where such practices do not conflict with this Agreement.
Consistent with the foregoing, the Master Servicer may, and may permit any Servicer to, in its discretion (i) waive any late payment charge (but not any Prepayment Premium) and (ii) extend the due dates for payments due on a Mortgage Note for a period not greater than 120 days; provided, however, that the maturity of any Mortgage Loan shall not be extended past the date on which the final payment is due on the latest maturing Mortgage Loan as of the Cut-off Date.
In the event of any extension described in clause (ii) above, the Master Servicer shall make or cause such Servicer (if required by the applicable Servicing Agreement)  to make Advances on the related Mortgage Loan in accordance with the provisions of Section 5.04 on the basis of the amortization schedule of such Mortgage Loan without modification thereof by reason of such extension.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, the Master Servicer shall not make or knowingly permit any modification, waiver or amendment of any material term of any Mortgage Loan, unless:  (1) such Mortgage Loan is in default or default by the related Mortgagor is, in the reasonable judgment of the Master Servicer or the related Servicer, reasonably foreseeable, (2) in the case of a waiver of a Prepayment Premium, (a) such Mortgage Loan is in default or default by the related Mortgagor is, in the reasonable judgment of the Master Servicer or the related Servicer, reasonably foreseeable and such waiver would maximize recovery of total proceeds taking into account the value of such Prepayment Premium and the related Mortgage Loan or (b) if the prepayment is not the result of a refinance by the Servicer or any of its affiliates and (i) such Mortgage Loan is in default or default by the related Mortgagor is, in the reasonable judgment of the Master Servicer or the related Servicer, reasonably foreseeable and such waiver would maximize recovery of total proceeds taking into account the value of such Prepayment Premium and the related Mortgage Loan or (ii) the collection of the Prepayment Premium would be in violation of applicable law or (iii) the collection of such Prepayment Premium would be considered “predatory” pursuant to written guidance published or issued by any applicable federal, state or local regulatory authority acting in its official capacity and having jurisdiction over such matters and (3) the Master Servicer shall have provided or caused to be provided to the Trustee an Opinion of Counsel addressed to the Trustee (which opinion shall, if provided by the Master Servicer, be an expense reimbursed from the Collection Account pursuant to Section 4.02(v)) to the effect that such modification, waiver or amendment would not result in an Adverse REMIC Event.Section 9.05Enforcement of Servicer’s and Master Servicer’s Obligations.
(a)Each Servicing Agreement requires the applicable Servicer, respectively, to service the Mortgage Loans in accordance with the provisions thereof.
References in this Agreement to actions taken or to be taken by the Master Servicer include actions taken or to be taken by a Servicer on behalf of the Master Servicer.
Any fees and other amounts payable to a Servicer shall be deducted from amounts remitted to the Master Servicer by such Servicer (to the extent permitted by the applicable Servicing Agreement) and shall not be an obligation of the Trust Fund or the Master Servicer.
(b)The Master Servicer shall not be required to (i) take any action with respect to the servicing of any Mortgage Loan that the related Servicer is not required to take under the related Servicing Agreement and (ii) cause a Servicer to take any action or refrain from taking any action if the related Servicing Agreement does not require such Servicer to take such action or refrain from taking such action; in both cases notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement that requires the Master Servicer to take such action or cause such Servicer to take such action.
(c)The Master Servicer, for the benefit of the Trustee, any NIMS Insurer and the Certificateholders, shall enforce the obligations of each Servicer under the related Servicing Agreement, and shall, in the event that a Servicer fails to perform its obligations in accordance therewith, terminate the rights and obligations of such Servicer thereunder and either act as servicer of the related Mortgage Loans or cause the other parties hereto to enter into a Servicing Agreement (and such parties hereby agree to execute and deliver any such successor Servicing Agreement), with a successor Servicer.
Such enforcement, including, without limitation, the legal prosecution of claims, termination of Servicing Agreements and the pursuit of other appropriate remedies, shall be in such form and carried out to such an extent and at such time as the Master Servicer, in its good faith business judgment, would require were it the owner of the related Mortgage Loans.
The Master Servicer shall pay the costs of such enforcement at its own expense, and shall be reimbursed therefor initially (i) from a general recovery resulting from such enforcement only to the extent, if any, that such recovery exceeds all amounts due in respect of the related Mortgage Loans, (ii) from a specific recovery of costs, expenses or attorneys’ fees against the party against whom such enforcement is directed, and then, (iii) to the extent that such amounts are insufficient to reimburse the Master Servicer for the costs of such enforcement, from the Collection Account.
(d)The Master Servicer shall be entitled to conclusively rely on any certifications or other information provided by the Servicers under the terms of the applicable Servicing Agreement, in its preparation of any certifications, filings or reports, in accordance with the terms hereof or as may be required by applicable law or regulation.Section 9.06Collection of Taxes, Assessments and Similar Items.
(a)To the extent provided in the applicable Servicing Agreement, the Master Servicer shall cause each Servicer to establish and maintain one or more custodial accounts at a depository institution (which may be a depository institution with which the Master Servicer or any Servicer establishes accounts in the ordinary course of its servicing activities), the accounts of which are insured to the maximum extent permitted by the FDIC (each, an “Escrow Account”) and to deposit therein any collections of amounts received with respect to amounts due for taxes, assessments, water rates, standard hazard insurance policy premiums, Payaheads, if applicable, or any comparable items for the account of the Mortgagors.
Withdrawals from any Escrow Account may be made (to the extent amounts have been escrowed for such purpose) only in accordance with the applicable Servicing Agreement.
Each Servicer shall be entitled to all investment income not required to be paid to Mortgagors on any Escrow Account maintained by such Servicer.
The Master Servicer shall make (or cause to be made) to the extent provided in the applicable Servicing Agreement advances to the extent necessary in order to effect timely payment of taxes, water rates, assessments, Standard Hazard Insurance Policy premiums or comparable items in connection with the related Mortgage Loan (to the extent that the Mortgagor is required, but fails, to pay such items), provided that it or the applicable Servicer has determined that the funds so advanced are recoverable from escrow payments, reimbursement pursuant to Section 4.02 or otherwise.
(b)Costs incurred by the Master Servicer or by any Servicer in effecting the timely payment of taxes and assessments on the properties subject to the Mortgage Loans may be added to the amount owing under the related Mortgage Note where the terms of the Mortgage Note so permit; provided, however, that the addition of any such cost shall not be taken into account for purposes of calculating the distributions to be made to Certificateholders.
Such costs, to the extent that they are unanticipated, extraordinary costs, and not ordinary or routine costs shall be recoverable as a Servicing Advance by the Master Servicer pursuant to Section 4.02.Section 9.07Termination of Servicing Agreements; Successor Servicers.
The Master Servicer shall be entitled to be reimbursed from each Servicer (or by the Trust Fund, if the Servicer is unable to fulfill its obligations hereunder) for all costs associated with the transfer of servicing from the predecessor servicer, including without limitation, any costs or expenses associated with the complete transfer of all servicing data and the completion, correction or manipulation of such servicing data, as may be required by the Master Servicer to correct any errors or insufficiencies in the servicing data or otherwise to enable the Master Servicer to service the Mortgage Loans properly and effectively.
(b)If the Master Servicer acts as a successor Servicer, it will not assume liability for the representations and warranties of a Servicer, if any, that it replaces.
The Master Servicer shall use reasonable efforts to have the successor Servicer assume liability for the representations and warranties made by the terminated Servicer in the related Servicing Agreement, and in the event of any such assumption by the successor Servicer, the Trustee or the Master Servicer, as applicable, may, in the exercise of its business judgment, release the terminated Servicer from liability for such representations and warranties.
(c)If the Master Servicer acts as a successor Servicer, it will have the same obligations to make Advances as the Servicer under the related Servicing Agreement and to reimburse the successor Servicer for unreimbursed Advances if required by the Servicing Agreement but will have no obligation to make an Advance if it determines in its reasonable judgment that such Advance is non-recoverable.
To the extent that the Master Servicer is unable to find a successor Servicer that is willing to service the Mortgage Loans for the Servicing Fee because of the obligation of the Servicer to make Advances regardless of whether such Advance is recoverable, the applicable Servicing Agreement may be amended to provide that the successor Servicer shall have no obligation to make an Advance if it determines in its reasonable judgment that such Advance is non-recoverable and provides an Officer’s Certificate to such effect to the Master Servicer, the Trustee and the NIMS Insurer.Section 9.08Master Servicer Liable for Enforcement.
Notwithstanding any Servicing Agreement, the Master Servicer shall remain obligated and liable to the Trustee, any NIMS Insurer and the Certificateholders in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement, to the extent of its obligations hereunder, without diminution of such obligation or liability by virtue of such Servicing Agreements.
The Master Servicer shall use commercially reasonable efforts to ensure that the Mortgage Loans are serviced in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement and shall use commercially reasonable efforts to enforce the provisions of each Servicing Agreement for the benefit of the Certificateholders and any NIMS Insurer.
The Master Servicer shall be entitled to enter into any agreement with any Servicer for indemnification of the Master Servicer and nothing contained in this Agreement shall be deemed to limit or modify such indemnification.
Except as expressly set forth herein, the Master Servicer shall have no liability for the acts or omissions of any Servicer in the performance by such Servicer of its obligations under the related Servicing Agreement.Section 9.09No Contractual Relationship Between Any Servicer and Trustee or Depositor.
Any Servicing Agreement that may be entered into and any other transactions or services relating to the Mortgage Loans involving any Servicer in its capacity as such and not as an originator shall be deemed to be between such Servicer, the Seller and the Master Servicer, and the Trustee, any NIMS Insurer and the Depositor shall not be deemed parties thereto and shall have no obligations, duties or liabilities with respect to such Servicer except as set forth in Section 9.10 hereof, but shall have rights thereunder as third party beneficiaries.
It is furthermore understood and agreed by the parties hereto that the obligations of any Servicer are set forth in their entirety in such Servicer’s related Servicing Agreement and such Servicer has no obligations under and is not otherwise bound by the terms of this Agreement.Section 9.10Assumption of Servicing Agreement by Securities Administrator.
(a)In the event the Master Servicer shall for any reason no longer be the Master Servicer (including by reason of any Event of Default under this Agreement), after a period not to exceed ninety days after the Securities Administrator receives written notice from the Trustee pursuant to Section 6.14 or Section 9.28, as applicable, the Securities Administrator shall thereupon assume all of the rights and obligations of such Master Servicer hereunder and under each Servicing Agreement entered into with respect to the Mortgage Loans.
The Securities Administrator, its designee or any successor master servicer appointed by the Securities Administrator shall be deemed to have assumed all of the Master Servicer’s interest herein and therein to the same extent as if such Servicing Agreement had been assigned to the assuming party, except that the Master Servicer shall not thereby be relieved of any liability or obligations of the Master Servicer under such Servicing Agreement accruing prior to its replacement as Master Servicer, and shall be liable to the Securities Administrator and any NIMS Insurer, and hereby agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the Securities Administrator and any NIMS Insurer from and against all costs, damages, expenses and liabilities (including reasonable attorneys’ fees) incurred by the Securities Administrator or any NIMS Insurer as a result of such liability or obligations of the Master Servicer and in connection with the Securities Administrator’s assumption (but not its performance, except to the extent that costs or liability of the Securities Administrator are created or increased as a result of negligent or wrongful acts or omissions of the Master Servicer prior to its replacement as Master Servicer) of the Master Servicer’s obligations, duties or responsibilities thereunder.
If applicable law prohibits the enforcement of a due-on-sale clause or such clause is otherwise not enforced in accordance with the applicable Servicing Agreement, and, as a consequence, a Mortgage Loan is assumed, the original Mortgagor may be released from liability in accordance with the applicable Servicing Agreement.Section 9.12Release of Mortgage Files.
Upon any such payment in full, the Master Servicer is authorized, and each Servicer, to the extent such authority is provided for under the applicable Servicing Agreement, is authorized, to give, as agent for the Trustee, as the mortgagee under the Mortgage that secured the Mortgage Loan, an instrument of satisfaction (or assignment of mortgage without recourse) regarding the Mortgaged Property subject to the Mortgage, which instrument of satisfaction or assignment, as the case may be, shall be delivered to the Person or Persons entitled thereto against receipt therefor of such payment, it being understood and agreed that no expenses incurred in connection with such instrument of satisfaction or assignment, as the case may be, shall be chargeable to the Collection Account.
(b)From time to time and as appropriate for the servicing or foreclosure of any Mortgage Loan and in accordance with Accepted Servicing Practices and the applicable Servicing Agreement, the Trustee shall execute such documents as shall be prepared and furnished to the Trustee by the Master Servicer, or by a Servicer (in form reasonably acceptable to the Trustee) and as are necessary to the prosecution of any such proceedings.
Any funds received by the Master Servicer or by a Servicer in respect of any Mortgage Loan or which otherwise are collected by the Master Servicer or a Servicer as Liquidation Proceeds or Insurance Proceeds in respect of any Mortgage Loan shall be held for the benefit of the Trustee and the Certificateholders subject to the Master Servicer’s right to retain or withdraw from the Collection Account the Master Servicing Fee and other amounts provided in this Agreement and to the right of each Servicer to retain its Servicing Fee and other amounts as provided in the related Servicing Agreement.
The Master Servicer shall, and shall (to the extent provided in the applicable Servicing Agreement) cause each Servicer to, provide access to information and documentation regarding the Mortgage Loans to the Trustee, any NIMS Insurer, their respective agents and accountants at any time upon reasonable request and during normal business hours, and to Certificateholders that are savings and loan associations, banks or insurance companies, the Office of Thrift Supervision, the FDIC and the supervisory agents and examiners of such Office and Corporation or examiners of any other federal or state banking or insurance regulatory authority if so required by applicable regulations of the Office of Thrift Supervision or other regulatory authority, such access to be afforded without charge but only upon reasonable request in writing and during normal business hours at the offices of the Master Servicer designated by it.
In fulfilling such a request the Master Servicer shall not be responsible for determining the sufficiency of such information.
(b)All Mortgage Files and funds collected or held by, or under the control of, the Master Servicer, or any Servicer, in respect of any Mortgage Loans, whether from the collection of principal and interest payments or from Liquidation Proceeds or Insurance Proceeds, shall be held by the Master Servicer, or by any Servicer, for and on behalf of the Trustee and the Certificateholders and shall be and remain the sole and exclusive property of the Trustee; provided, however, that the Master Servicer and each Servicer shall be entitled to setoff against, and deduct from, any such funds any amounts that are properly due and payable to the Master Servicer or such Servicer under this Agreement or the applicable Servicing Agreement and shall be authorized to remit such funds to the Securities Administrator in accordance with this Agreement.
(c)The Master Servicer hereby acknowledges that concurrently with the execution of this Agreement, the Trustee shall own or, to the extent that a court of competent jurisdiction shall deem the conveyance of the Mortgage Loans from the Seller to the Depositor not to constitute a sale, the Trustee shall have a security interest in the Mortgage Loans and in all Mortgage Files representing such Mortgage Loans and in all funds and investment property now or hereafter held by, or under the control of, a Servicer or the Master Servicer that are collected by any Servicer or the Master Servicer in connection with the Mortgage Loans, whether as scheduled installments of principal and interest or as full or partial prepayments of principal or interest or as Liquidation Proceeds or Insurance Proceeds or otherwise, and in all proceeds of the foregoing and proceeds of proceeds (but excluding any fee or other amounts to which a Servicer is entitled under the applicable Servicing Agreement, or the Master Servicer or the Depositor is entitled to hereunder); and the Master Servicer agrees that so long as the Mortgage Loans are assigned to and held by the Trustee or any Custodian, all documents or instruments constituting part of the Mortgage Files, and such funds relating to the Mortgage Loans which come into the possession or custody of, or which are subject to the control of, the Master Servicer or any Servicer shall be held by the Master Servicer or such Servicer for and on behalf of the Trustee as the Trustee’s agent and bailee for purposes of perfecting the Trustee’s security interest therein as provided by the applicable Uniform Commercial Code or other applicable laws.
(d)The Master Servicer agrees that it shall not, and shall not authorize any Servicer to, create, incur or subject any Mortgage Loans, or any funds that are deposited in any Custodial Account, Escrow Account or the Collection Account, or any funds that otherwise are or may become due or payable to the Trustee, to any claim, lien, security interest, judgment, levy, writ of attachment or other encumbrance, nor assert by legal action or otherwise any claim or right of setoff against any Mortgage Loan or any funds collected on, or in connection with, a Mortgage Loan.Section 9.14Representations and Warranties of the Master Servicer.
(a)The Master Servicer hereby represents and warrants to the Depositor, any NIMS Insurer, the Securities Administrator and the Trustee, for the benefit of the Certificateholders, as of the Closing Date that:(i)it is validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the state of its incorporation, and as Master Servicer has full power and authority to transact any and all business contemplated by this Agreement and to execute, deliver and comply with its obligations under the terms of this Agreement, the execution, delivery and performance of which have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action on the part of the Master Servicer;(ii)the execution and delivery of this Agreement by the Master Servicer and its performance and compliance with the terms of this Agreement will not (A) violate the Master Servicer’s charter or bylaws, (B) violate any law or regulation or any administrative decree or order to which it is subject or (C) constitute a default (or an event which, with notice or lapse of time, or both, would constitute a default) under, or result in the breach of, any material contract, agreement or other instrument to which the Master Servicer is a party or by which it is bound or to which any of its assets are subject, which violation, default or breach would materially and adversely affect the Master Servicer’s ability to perform its obligations under this Agreement;(iii)this Agreement constitutes, assuming due authorization, execution and delivery hereof by the other respective parties hereto, a legal, valid and binding obligation of the Master Servicer, enforceable against it in accordance with the terms hereof, except as such enforcement may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and other laws affecting the enforcement of creditors’ rights in general, and by general equity principles (regardless of whether such enforcement is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law);(iv)the Master Servicer is not in default with respect to any order or decree of any court or any order or regulation of any federal, state, municipal or governmental agency to the extent that any such default would materially and adversely affect its performance hereunder;(v)the Master Servicer is not a party to or bound by any agreement or instrument or subject to any charter provision, bylaw or any other corporate restriction or any judgment, order, writ, injunction, decree, law or regulation that may materially and adversely affect its ability as Master Servicer to perform its obligations under this Agreement or that requires the consent of any third person to the execution of this Agreement or the performance by the Master Servicer of its obligations under this Agreement;(vi)no litigation is pending or, to the best of the Master Servicer’s knowledge, threatened against the Master Servicer which would prohibit its entering into this Agreement or performing its obligations under this Agreement;(vii)the Master Servicer, or an affiliate thereof the primary business of which is the servicing of conventional residential mortgage loans, is a Fannie Mae- or Freddie Mac-approved seller/servicer;(viii)no consent, approval, authorization or order of any court or governmental agency or body is required for the execution, delivery and performance by the Master Servicer of or compliance by the Master Servicer with this Agreement or the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, except for such consents, approvals, authorizations and orders (if any) as have been obtained;(ix)the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are in the ordinary course of business of the Master Servicer;(x)the Master Servicer has obtained an Errors and Omissions Insurance Policy and a Fidelity Bond in accordance with Section 9.02 each of which is in full force and effect, and each of which provides at least such coverage as is required hereunder; and(xi)the information about the Master Servicer under the heading “The Master Servicer” in the Offering Documents relating to the Master Servicer does not include an untrue statement of a material fact and does not omit to state a material fact, with respect to the statements made, necessary in order to make the statements in light of the circumstances under which they were made not misleading.
(b)It is understood and agreed that the representations and warranties set forth in this Section 9.14 shall survive the execution and delivery of this Agreement.
The Master Servicer shall indemnify the Depositor, the Securities Administrator, the Trustee and any NIMS Insurer and hold them harmless against any loss, damages, penalties, fines, forfeitures, legal fees and related costs, judgments, and other costs and expenses resulting from any claim, demand, defense or assertion based on or grounded upon, or resulting from, a breach of the Master Servicer’s representations and warranties contained in Section 9.14(a).
It is understood and agreed that the enforcement of the obligation of the Master Servicer set forth in this Section to indemnify the Depositor, the Trustee, the Securities Administrator and any NIMS Insurer as provided in this Section constitutes the sole remedy (other than as set forth in Section 6.14) of the Depositor, the Trustee, the Securities Administrator and any NIMS Insurer, respecting a breach of the foregoing representations and warranties.
Such indemnification shall survive any termination of the Master Servicer as Master Servicer hereunder, and any termination of this Agreement.Any cause of action against the Master Servicer relating to or arising out of the breach of any representations and warranties made in this Section shall accrue upon discovery of such breach by any of the Depositor, the Master Servicer, the Trustee or any NIMS Insurer or notice thereof by any one of such parties to the other parties.
Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, the Master Servicer shall not be liable for special, indirect or consequential losses or damages of any kind whatsoever (including, but not limited to, lost profits).
(c)It is understood and agreed that the representations and warranties of the Depositor set forth in Sections 2.03(a)(i) through (vi) shall survive the execution and delivery of this Agreement.
The Depositor shall indemnify the Master Servicer and hold each harmless against any loss, damages, penalties, fines, forfeitures, legal fees and related costs, judgments, and other costs and expenses resulting from any claim, demand, defense or assertion based on or grounded upon, or resulting from, a breach of the Depositor’s representations and warranties contained in Sections 2.03(a)(i) through (vi) hereof.
It is understood and agreed that the enforcement of the obligation of the Depositor set forth in this Section to indemnify the Master Servicer as provided in this Section constitutes the sole remedy hereunder of the Master Servicer respecting a breach by the Depositor of the representations and warranties in Sections 2.03(a)(i) through (vi) hereof.Any cause of action against the Master Servicer relating to or arising out of the breach of any representations and warranties made in this Section shall accrue upon discovery of such breach by either the Depositor, the Master Servicer, the Trustee or any NIMS Insurer or notice thereof by any one of such parties to the other parties.
Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, the Master Servicer shall not be liable for special, indirect or consequential losses or damages of any kind whatsoever (including, but not limited to, lost profits).Section 9.15Opinion.
Section 9.16Standard Hazard and Flood Insurance Policies.
For each Mortgage Loan (other than a Cooperative Loan), the Master Servicer shall maintain, or cause to be maintained by each Servicer, standard fire and casualty insurance and, where applicable, flood insurance, all in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement and the related Servicing Agreement, as applicable.
It is understood and agreed that such insurance shall be with insurers meeting the eligibility requirements set forth in the applicable Servicing Agreement and that no earthquake or other additional insurance is to be required of any Mortgagor or to be maintained on property acquired in respect of a defaulted loan, other than pursuant to such applicable laws and regulations as shall at any time be in force and as shall require such additional insurance.Pursuant to Section 4.01, any amounts collected by the Master Servicer, or by any Servicer, under any insurance policies maintained pursuant to this Section 9.16 or any Servicing Agreement (other than amounts to be applied to the restoration or repair of the property subject to the related Mortgage or released to the Mortgagor in accordance with the applicable Servicing Agreement) shall be deposited into the Collection Account, subject to withdrawal pursuant to Section 4.02.
Any cost incurred by the Master Servicer or any Servicer in maintaining any such insurance if the Mortgagor defaults in its obligation to do so shall be added to the amount owing under the Mortgage Loan where the terms of the Mortgage Loan so permit; provided, however, that the addition of any such cost shall not be taken into account for purposes of calculating the distributions to be made to Certificateholders and shall be recoverable by the Master Servicer or such Servicer pursuant to Section 4.02.Section 9.17Presentment of Claims and Collection of Proceeds.
The Master Servicer shall cause each Servicer (to the extent provided in the applicable Servicing Agreement) to, prepare and present on behalf of the Trustee and the Certificateholders all claims under the Insurance Policies with respect to the Mortgage Loans, and take such actions (including the negotiation, settlement, compromise or enforcement of the insured’s claim) as shall be necessary to realize recovery under such policies.
Any proceeds disbursed to the Master Servicer (or disbursed to a Servicer and remitted to the Master Servicer) in respect of such policies or bonds shall be promptly deposited in the Collection Account or the Custodial Account upon receipt, except that any amounts realized that are to be applied to the repair or restoration of the related Mortgaged Property as a condition requisite to the presentation of claims on the related Mortgage Loan to the insurer under any applicable Insurance Policy need not be so deposited (or remitted).Section 9.18Maintenance of the Primary Mortgage Insurance Policies.
The Master Servicer shall not take, or knowingly permit any Servicer (consistent with the applicable Servicing Agreement) to take, any action that would result in noncoverage under any applicable Primary Mortgage Insurance Policy of any loss which, but for the actions of such Master Servicer or such Servicer, would have been covered thereunder.
The Master Servicer shall not, and shall not knowingly permit any Servicer to, cancel or refuse to renew any such Primary Mortgage Insurance Policy that is in effect at the date of the initial issuance of the Certificates and is required to be kept in force hereunder except in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement and the related Servicing Agreement, as applicable.
(b)The Master Servicer agrees, to the extent provided in each Servicing Agreement, to cause each Servicer to present, on behalf of the Trustee and the Certificateholders, claims to the insurer under any Primary Mortgage Insurance Policies and, in this regard, to take such reasonable action as shall be necessary to permit recovery under any Primary Mortgage Insurance Policies respecting defaulted Mortgage Loans.
Pursuant to Section 4.01, any amounts collected by the Master Servicer or any Servicer under any Primary Mortgage Insurance Policies shall be deposited in the Collection Account, subject to withdrawal pursuant to Section 4.02.Section 9.19Trustee To Retain Possession of Certain Insurance Policies and Documents.
The Trustee (or the Custodian on behalf of the Trustee) shall retain possession and custody of the originals of the Primary Mortgage Insurance Policies or certificate of insurance if applicable and any certificates of renewal as to the foregoing as may be issued from time to time as contemplated by this Agreement.
Until all amounts distributable in respect of the Certificates have been distributed in full and the Master Servicer otherwise has fulfilled its obligations under this Agreement, the Trustee (or the applicable Custodian) shall also retain possession and custody of each Mortgage File in accordance with and subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement.
The Master Servicer shall be entitled to withdraw from the Collection Account, subject to Section 5.05, the Master Servicing Fee to the extent permitted by Section 4.02.
Servicing compensation in the form of assumption fees, if any, late payment charges, as collected, if any, or otherwise (but not including any Prepayment Premium) shall be retained by the Master Servicer (or the applicable Servicer) and shall not be deposited in the Collection Account.
If the Master Servicer does not retain or withdraw the Master Servicing Fee from the Collection Account as provided herein, the Master Servicer shall be entitled to direct the Trustee to pay the Master Servicing Fee to such Master Servicer by withdrawal from the Certificate Account to the extent that payments have been received with respect to the applicable Mortgage Loan.
The Master Servicer shall be required to pay all expenses incurred by it in connection with its activities hereunder and shall not be entitled to reimbursement therefor except as provided in this Agreement.
Pursuant to Section 4.01(e), all income and gain realized from any investment of funds in the Collection Account shall be for the benefit of the Master Servicer as compensation.
The provisions of this Section 9.21 are subject to the provisions of Section 6.14.Section 9.22REO Property.
(a)In the event the Trust Fund acquires ownership of any REO Property in respect of any Mortgage Loan, the deed or certificate of sale shall be issued to the Trustee, or to its nominee, on behalf of the Certificateholders.
The Master Servicer shall use its reasonable best efforts to sell, or cause the applicable Servicer, to the extent provided in the applicable Servicing Agreement any REO Property as expeditiously as possible and in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement and the related Servicing Agreement, as applicable, but in all events within the time period, and subject to the conditions set forth in Article X hereof.
Pursuant to its efforts to sell such REO Property, the Master Servicer shall protect and conserve, or cause the applicable Servicer to protect and conserve, such REO Property in the manner and to such extent required by the applicable Servicing Agreement, subject to Article X hereof.
(c)The Master Servicer and each Servicer, upon the final disposition of any REO Property, shall be entitled to reimbursement for any related unreimbursed Advances and other unreimbursed advances as well as any unpaid Master Servicing Fees or Servicing Fees from Liquidation Proceeds received in connection with the final disposition of such REO Property; provided, that (without limitation of any other right of reimbursement that the Master Servicer or any Servicer shall have hereunder) any such unreimbursed Advances as well as any unpaid Net Master Servicing Fees or Servicing Fees may be reimbursed or paid, as the case may be, prior to final disposition, out of any net rental income or other net amounts derived from such REO Property.
(c)All information, reports and statements prepared by the Master Servicer under this Agreement shall be based on information supplied to the Master Servicer by the Servicers without independent verification thereof and the Master Servicer shall be entitled to rely on such information.Section 9.25Annual Officer’s Certificate as to Compliance.
If the Master Servicer (or any of its Affiliates) has, during the course of any fiscal year, directly serviced, as a successor Servicer, any of the Mortgage Loans, then the Master Servicer at its expense shall cause a nationally recognized firm of independent certified public accountants to furnish a statement to the Securities Administrator, any NIMS Insurer and the Depositor no later than five Business Days after the 15th of March of each calendar year, commencing in March 2005 to the effect that, with respect to the most recently ended calendar year, such firm has examined certain records and documents relating to the Master Servicer’s performance of its servicing obligations under this Agreement and pooling and servicing and trust agreements in material respects similar to this Agreement and to each other and that, on the basis of such examination conducted substantially in compliance with the audit program for mortgages serviced for Freddie Mac or the Uniform Single Attestation Program for Mortgage Bankers (or such other attestation program as may be required by applicable law or regulation), such firm is of the opinion that the Master Servicer’s activities have been conducted in compliance with this Agreement, or that such examination has disclosed no material items of noncompliance except for (i) such exceptions as such firm believes to be immaterial, (ii) such other exceptions as are set forth in such statement and (iii) such exceptions that the Uniform Single Attestation Program for Mortgage Bankers or the Audit Program for Mortgages Serviced by Freddie Mac (or such other attestation program as may be required by applicable law or regulation) requires it to report.
If such report discloses exceptions that are material, the Master Servicer shall advise the Trustee whether such exceptions have been or are susceptible of cure, and will take prompt action to do so.Section 9.27Merger or Consolidation.
Any Person into which the Master Servicer may be merged or consolidated, or any Person resulting from any merger, conversion, other change in form or consolidation to which the Master Servicer shall be a party, or any Person succeeding to the business of the Master Servicer, shall be the successor to the Master Servicer hereunder, without the execution or filing of any paper or any further act on the part of any of the parties hereto, anything herein to the contrary notwithstanding; provided, however, that the successor or resulting Person to the Master Servicer shall be a Person that shall be qualified and approved to service mortgage loans for Fannie Mae or Freddie Mac and shall have a net worth of not less than $15,000,000.Section 9.28Resignation of Master Servicer.
Except as otherwise provided in Sections 9.27 and 9.29 hereof, the Master Servicer shall not resign from the obligations and duties hereby imposed on it unless it determines that the Master Servicer’s duties hereunder are no longer permissible under applicable law or are in material conflict by reason of applicable law with any other activities carried on by it and cannot be cured.
Any such determination permitting the resignation of the Master Servicer shall be evidenced by an Opinion of Counsel that shall be Independent to such effect delivered to the Trustee and any NIMS Insurer.
No such resignation shall become effective until the Securities Administrator shall have assumed, or a successor master servicer acceptable to any NIMS Insurer and the Securities Administrator shall have been appointed by the Trustee and until such successor shall have assumed, the Master Servicer’s responsibilities and obligations under this Agreement.
Except as expressly provided herein, the Master Servicer shall not assign or transfer any of its rights, benefits or privileges hereunder to any other Person, or delegate to or subcontract with, or authorize or appoint any other Person to perform any of the duties, covenants or obligations to be performed by the Master Servicer hereunder; provided, however, that the Master Servicer shall have the right without the prior written consent of the Trustee, any NIMS Insurer or the Depositor to delegate or assign to or subcontract with or authorize or appoint an Affiliate of the Master Servicer to perform and carry out any duties, covenants or obligations to be performed and carried out by the Master Servicer hereunder.
In no case, however, shall any such delegation, subcontracting or assignment to an Affiliate of the Master Servicer relieve the Master Servicer of any liability hereunder.
If, pursuant to any provision hereof, the duties of the Master Servicer are transferred to a successor master servicer, the entire amount of the Master Servicing Fees and other compensation payable to the Master Servicer pursuant hereto, including amounts payable to or permitted to be retained or withdrawn by the Master Servicer pursuant to Section 9.21 hereof, shall thereafter be payable to such successor master servicer.Section 9.30Limitation on Liability of the Master Servicer and Others.
(a)The Master Servicer undertakes to perform such duties and only such duties as are specifically set forth in this Agreement.
(b)No provision of this Agreement shall be construed to relieve the Master Servicer from liability for its own negligent action, its own negligent failure to act or its own willful misconduct; provided, however, that the duties and obligations of the Master Servicer shall be determined solely by the express provisions of this Agreement, the Master Servicer shall not be liable except for the performance of such duties and obligations as are specifically set forth in this Agreement; no implied covenants or obligations shall be read into this Agreement against the Master Servicer and, in absence of bad faith on the part of the Master Servicer, the Master Servicer may conclusively rely, as to the truth of the statements and the correctness of the opinions expressed therein, upon any certificates or opinions furnished to the Master Servicer and conforming to the requirements of this Agreement.
(c)None of the Master Servicer, the Seller or the Depositor or any of the directors, officers, employees or agents of any of them shall be under any liability to the Trustee or the Certificateholders for any action taken or for refraining from the taking of any action in good faith pursuant to this Agreement, or for errors in judgment; provided, however, that this provision shall not protect the Master Servicer, the Seller or the Depositor or any such person against any liability that would otherwise be imposed by reason of willful misfeasance, bad faith or negligence in its performance of its duties or by reason of reckless disregard for its obligations and duties under this Agreement.
The Master Servicer  and any director, officer, employee or agent of any of them shall be entitled to indemnification by the Trust Fund and will be held harmless against any loss, liability or expense incurred in connection with any legal action relating to this Agreement or the Certificates other than any loss, liability or expense incurred by reason of willful misfeasance, bad faith or negligence in the performance of its duties hereunder or by reason of reckless disregard of his or its obligations and duties hereunder.
The Master Servicer, the Seller and the Depositor and any director, officer, employee or agent of any of them may rely in good faith on any document of any kind prima facie properly executed and submitted by any Person respecting any matters arising hereunder.
The Master Servicer, the Seller and the Depositor shall be under no obligation to appear in, prosecute or defend any legal action that is not incidental to its duties to master service the Mortgage Loans in accordance with this Agreement and that in its opinion may involve it in any expenses or liability; provided, however, that the Master Servicer may in its sole discretion undertake any such action that it may deem necessary or desirable in respect to this Agreement and the rights and duties of the parties hereto and the interests of the Certificateholders hereunder.
In such event, the legal expenses and costs of such action and any liability resulting therefrom shall be expenses, costs and liabilities of the Trust Fund and the Master Servicer shall be entitled to be reimbursed therefor out of the Collection Account it maintains as provided by Section 4.02.The Master Servicer shall not be liable for any acts or omissions of any Servicer.
In particular, the Master Servicer shall not be liable for any course of action taken by the Servicers with respect to loss mitigation of defaulted Mortgage Loans at the direction of the Credit Risk Manager or the Seller pursuant to any Credit Risk Management Agreement.
Further, the Master Servicer shall not be liable for performance by any Servicer under any Credit Risk Management Agreement.Section 9.31Indemnification; Third-Party Claims.
The Master Servicer agrees to indemnify the Depositor, the Trustee, the Securities Administrator and any NIMS Insurer, and hold them harmless against any and all claims, losses, penalties, fines, forfeitures, legal fees and related costs, judgments, and any other costs, liability, fees and expenses that the Depositor, the Trustee, the Securities Administrator or any NIMS Insurer may sustain as a result of the failure of the Master Servicer to perform its duties and master service the Mortgage Loans in compliance with the terms of this Agreement.
The Depositor, the Trustee, the Securities Administrator and any NIMS Insurer shall immediately notify the Master Servicer if a claim is made by a third party with respect to this Agreement or the Mortgage Loans entitling the Depositor, the Trustee, the Securities Administrator or any NIMS Insurer to indemnification hereunder, whereupon the Master Servicer shall assume the defense of any such claim and pay all expenses in connection therewith, including counsel fees, and promptly pay, discharge and satisfy any judgment or decree which may be entered against it or them in respect of such claim.Section 9.32Special Servicing of Delinquent Mortgage Loans.
If permitted under the terms of the applicable Servicing Agreement, the Seller may appoint, pursuant to the terms of the applicable Servicing Agreement and with the written consent of the Depositor, the Master Servicer, the Trustee, the Securities Administrator and any NIMS Insurer, a Special Servicer to special service any Distressed Mortgage Loans.
Any applicable Termination Fee related to the termination of the related Servicer and the appointment of any Special Servicer shall be paid by the Seller from its own funds, without right of reimbursement from the Trust Fund.
Any fees paid to any such Special Servicer shall not exceed the Servicing Fee Rate.Section 9.33Alternative Index.
In the event that the Index for any Mortgage Loan, as specified in the related Mortgage Note, becomes unavailable for any reason, the Master Servicer shall select an alternative index, which in all cases shall be an index that constitutes a qualified rate on a regular interest under the REMIC Provisions, in accordance with the terms of such Mortgage Note or, if such Mortgage Note does not make provision for the selection of an alternative index in such event, the Master Servicer shall, subject to applicable law, select an alternative index based on information comparable to that used in connection with the original Index and, in either case, such alternative index shall thereafter be the Index for such Mortgage Loan.Section 9.34Duties of the Credit Risk Manager.
(a)The Certificateholders, by their purchase and acceptance of the Certificates, appoint The Murrayhill Company as Credit Risk Manager.
For and on behalf of the Depositor, the Credit Risk Manager will provide reports and recommendations concerning certain delinquent and defaulted Mortgage Loans, and as to the collection of any Prepayment Premiums with respect to the Mortgage Loans.
Such reports and recommendations will be based upon information provided pursuant to Credit Risk Management Agreements to the Credit Risk Manager by the Servicers.
The Credit Risk Manager shall look solely to the Servicers and/or the Master Servicer for all information and data (including loss and delinquency information and data) and loan level information and data relating to the servicing of the Mortgage Loans and neither the Securities Administrator or the Trustee shall have any obligation to provide any such information to the Credit Risk Manager.
Each Watchlist Report shall contain a listing of Mortgage Loans in any delinquency status, including current and paid-off loans, and may contain the comments of the Credit Risk Manager in its sole discretion.
The Watchlist Report shall be presented in substantially the same format attached hereto as Exhibit R-1;(ii)Loss Severity Report:  A compilation and summary of all losses, indicating the loan loss severity for each Mortgage Pool.
Each Loss Severity Report shall include detail of all losses reported by a Servicer or the Master Servicer as Realized Losses, except those for which a Servicer or the Master Servicer has not provided detail adequate for reporting purposes.
The Loss Severity Report shall be presented in substantially the same format attached hereto as Exhibit R-2;(iii)Mortgage Insurance Claims Report:  A summary of mortgage insurance claims submitted to the PMI Insurer by the Servicers, claim payment and denial information, and penalties assessed by the PMI Insurer.
The Mortgage Insurance Claims Report shall be presented in substantially the same format attached hereto as Exhibit R-3;(iv)Prepayment Premiums Report:  A summary of Prepayment Premiums assessed or waived by each Servicer.
The Credit Risk Manager’s internet website shall initially be located at https://reports.murrayhillcompany.com.
The user name for access to the website shall be the Certificateholder’s e-mail address and the password shall be “20424.”  Neither the Trustee nor the Securities Administrator shall have any obligation to review such reports or otherwise monitor or supervise the activities of the Credit Risk Manager.
(c)The Credit Risk Manager shall reasonably cooperate with the Depositor, the Trustee and the Securities Administrator in connection with the Trust Fund’s satisfying the reporting requirements under the 1934 Act with respect to reports prepared by the Credit Risk Manager.
Neither the Credit Risk Manager, nor any of the directors, officers, employees or agents of the Credit Risk Manager, shall be under any liability to the Trustee, the Securities Administrator, the Certificateholders or the Depositor for any action taken or for refraining from the taking of any action in good faith pursuant to this Agreement, in reliance upon information provided by Servicers under the Credit Risk Management Agreements or for errors in judgment; provided, however, that this provision shall not protect the Credit Risk Manager or any such person against liability that would otherwise be imposed by reason of willful malfeasance, bad faith or gross negligence in its performance of its duties or by reason of reckless disregard for its obligations and duties under this Agreement or the Credit Risk Management Agreements.
(a)REMIC elections as set forth in the Preliminary Statement shall be made on Forms 1066 or other appropriate federal tax or information return for the taxable year ending on the last day of the calendar year in which the Certificates are issued.
The regular interests and residual interest in each REMIC shall be as designated in the Preliminary Statement.
For purposes of such designations, the interest rate of any regular interest that is computed by taking into account the weighted average of the Net Mortgage Rates of the Mortgage Loans in Pool 1 or Pool 2 shall be reduced by the amount of any expense paid by the Trust and allocable to such Pool to the extent that (i) such expense was not taken into account in computing the Net Mortgage Rate of any Mortgage Loan, (ii) such expense does not constitute an “unanticipated expense” of a REMIC within the meaning of Treasury Regulation Section 1.860G-1(b)(3)(ii) and (iii) the amount of such expense was not taken into account in computing the interest rate of a more junior class of regular interests.
(b)The Closing Date is hereby designated as the “Startup Day” of each REMIC within the meaning of section 860G(a)(9) of the Code.
(c)The Securities Administrator shall represent the Trust Fund in any administrative or judicial proceeding relating to an examination or audit by any governmental taxing authority with respect thereto.
The Securities Administrator shall pay any and all tax related expenses (not including taxes) of each REMIC, including but not limited to any professional fees or expenses related to audits or any administrative or judicial proceedings with respect to such REMIC that involve the Internal Revenue Service or state tax authorities, but only to the extent that (i) such expenses are ordinary or routine expenses, including expenses of a routine audit but not expenses of litigation (except as described in (ii)); or (ii) such expenses or liabilities (including taxes and penalties) are attributable to the negligence or willful misconduct of the Securities Administrator in fulfilling its duties hereunder (including its duties as tax return preparer).
The Securities Administrator shall be entitled to reimbursement of expenses to the extent provided in clause (i) above from the Securities Administration Account, provided, however, the Securities Administrator shall not be entitled to reimbursement for expenses incurred in connection with the preparation of tax returns and other reports as required by Section 6.20 and this Section.
The expenses of preparing and filing such returns shall be borne by the Securities Administrator.
(e)The Securities Administrator or its designee shall perform on behalf of each REMIC all reporting and other tax compliance duties that are the responsibility of such REMIC under the Code, the REMIC Provisions, or other compliance guidance issued by the Internal Revenue Service or any state or local taxing authority.
Among its other duties, if required by the Code, the REMIC Provisions, or other such guidance, the Securities Administrator shall provide (i) to the Treasury or other governmental authority such information as is necessary for the application of any tax relating to the transfer of a Residual Certificate to any disqualified person or organization pursuant to Treasury Regulation 1.860E-2(a)(5) and any person designated in Section 860E(e)(3) of the Code and (ii) to the Trustee such information as is necessary for the Trustee to provide to the Certificateholders such information or reports as are required by the Code or REMIC Provisions.The Securities Administrator shall be entitled to receive reasonable compensation from the Trust for the performance of its duties under this subsection (e); provided, however, that such compensation shall not exceed $5,000 per year.
(f)The Trustee, the Securities Administrator, the Master Servicer and the Holders of Certificates shall take any action or cause any REMIC to take any action necessary to create or maintain the status of any REMIC as a REMIC under the REMIC Provisions and shall assist each other as necessary to create or maintain such status.
Neither the Trustee, the Securities Administrator, the Master Servicer nor the Holder of any Residual Certificate shall knowingly take any action, cause any REMIC to take any action or fail to take (or fail to cause to be taken) any action that, under the REMIC Provisions, if taken or not taken, as the case may be, could result in an Adverse REMIC Event unless the Trustee, the Securities Administrator, any NIMS Insurer and the Master Servicer have received an Opinion of Counsel addressed to the Trustee (at the expense of the party seeking to take such action) to the effect that the contemplated action will not result in an Adverse REMIC Event.
In addition, prior to taking any action with respect to any REMIC or the assets therein, or causing any REMIC to take any action, which is not expressly permitted under the terms of this Agreement, any Holder of a Residual Certificate will consult with the Trustee, the Securities Administrator, the Master Servicer, any NIMS Insurer or their respective designees, in writing, with respect to whether such action could cause an Adverse REMIC Event to occur with respect to any REMIC, and no such Person shall take any such action or cause any REMIC to take any such action as to which the Trustee, the Securities Administrator, the Master Servicer or any NIMS Insurer has advised it in writing that an Adverse REMIC Event could occur.
(g)Each Holder of a Residual Certificate shall pay when due any and all taxes imposed on the related REMIC by federal or state governmental authorities.
To the extent that such taxes are not paid by a Residual Certificateholder, the Trustee shall pay any remaining REMIC taxes out of current or future amounts otherwise distributable to the Holder of the Residual Certificate in any such REMIC or, if no such amounts are available, out of other amounts held in the Collection Account, and shall reduce amounts otherwise payable to holders of regular interests in any such REMIC, as the case may be.
(h)The Securities Administrator shall, for federal income tax purposes, maintain books and records with respect to each REMIC on a calendar year and on an accrual basis.
(i)No additional contributions of assets shall be made to any REMIC, except as expressly provided in this Agreement.
(j) Neither the Securities Administrator nor the Master Servicer shall enter into any arrangement by which any REMIC will receive a fee or other compensation for services.
(l) The Securities Administrator shall treat each of the Basis Risk Reserve Fund and the Supplemental Interest Trust as an outside reserve fund within the meaning of Treasury Regulation Section 1.860G-2(h) that is owned by the Holders of the Class X Certificates and that is not an asset of any REMIC and all amounts deposited into the Basis Risk Reserve Fund or the Supplemental Interest Trust shall be treated as amounts distributed to the Class X Certificateholders.
(m)For federal income tax purposes, upon any sale of the property held by the Trust Fund pursuant to Section 7.01(b), any NIM Redemption Amount paid by the Master Servicer shall not be treated as a portion of the purchase price paid for such property but shall instead be treated as an amount paid by the Master Servicer to the Holder of the Class X Certificates in exchange for an interest in the Class X Certificates immediately before the purchase of the property held by the Trust Fund.
(n)The Securities Administrator shall treat the beneficial owners of Certificates (other than the Class P, Class X and Class R Certificates) as having entered into a notional principal contract with respect to the beneficial owners of the Class X Certificates.
A Class I Shortfall payable from interest collections shall be allocated pro rata among such Certificates based on the amount of interest otherwise payable to such Certificates, and a Class I Shortfall payable from principal collections shall be allocated to the most subordinate Class of Certificates with an outstanding principal balance to the extent of such balance.
In addition, pursuant to such notional principal contract, the beneficial owner of the Class X Certificates shall be treated as having agreed to pay Basis Risk Shortfalls and Unpaid Basis Risk Shortfalls to the Owners of the Offered Certificates and the Class B Certificates in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.
Any payments to the Certificates in light of the foregoing shall not be payments with respect to a “regular interest” in a REMIC within the meaning of Code Section 860G(a)(1).
However, any payment from the Certificates of a Class I Shortfall shall be treated for tax purposes as having been received by the beneficial owners of such Certificates in respect of their Interests in REMIC 5 and as having been paid by such beneficial owners to the Supplemental Interest Trust pursuant to the notional principal contract.
Thus, each Certificate (other than a Class P and Class R Certificate) shall be treated as representing not only ownership of regular interests in the Upper Tier REMIC, but also ownership of an interest in (and obligations with respect to) a notional principal contract.
For tax purposes, the notional principal contract shall be deemed to have a value in favor of the Certificates entitled to receive Basis Risk Shortfalls and Unpaid Basis Risk Shortfalls of $114,978.96 as of the Closing Date.
(o)Notwithstanding the priority and sources of payments set forth in Article V hereof or otherwise, the Securities Administrator shall account for all distributions on the Certificates as set forth in this Section 10.01.
In no event shall any payments of Basis Risk Shortfalls or Unpaid Basis Risk Shortfalls provided for in this Section 10.01be treated as payments with respect to a “regular interest” in a REMIC within the meaning of Code Section 860G(a)(1).Section 10.02Prohibited Transactions and Activities.
Neither the Depositor, the Master Servicer nor the Trustee shall sell, dispose of, or substitute for any of the Mortgage Loans, except in a disposition pursuant to (i) the foreclosure of a Mortgage Loan, (ii) the bankruptcy of the Trust Fund, (iii) the termination of each REMIC pursuant to Article VII of this Agreement, (iv) a substitution pursuant to Article II of this Agreement or (v) a repurchase of Mortgage Loans pursuant to Article II of this Agreement, nor acquire any assets for any REMIC, nor sell or dispose of any investments in the Certificate Account for gain, nor accept any contributions to any REMIC after the Closing Date, unless the Trustee and any NIMS Insurer has received an Opinion of Counsel addressed to the Trustee (at the expense of the party causing such sale, disposition, or substitution) that such disposition, acquisition, substitution, or acceptance will not (a) result in an Adverse REMIC Event, (b) affect the distribution of interest or principal on the Certificates or (c) result in the encumbrance of the assets transferred or assigned to the Trust Fund (except pursuant to the provisions of this Agreement).Section 10.03Indemnification with Respect to Certain Taxes and Loss of REMIC Status.
Upon the occurrence of an Adverse REMIC Event due to the negligent performance by the Trustee or the Securities Administrator, as applicable, of its duties and obligations set forth herein, the Trustee or the Securities Administrator, as applicable, shall indemnify any NIMS Insurer, the Holder of the related Residual Certificate or the Trust Fund, as applicable, against any and all losses, claims, damages, liabilities or expenses (“Losses”) resulting from such negligence; provided, however, that neither the Trustee nor the Securities Administrator shall be liable for any such Losses attributable to the action or inaction of the Master Servicer, the Depositor, the Class X Certificateholders, the Holder of such Residual Certificate or the Securities Administrator (with regard to the Trustee), as applicable, nor for any such Losses resulting from misinformation provided by the Holder of such Residual Certificate on which the Securities Administrator has relied.
The foregoing shall not be deemed to limit or restrict the rights and remedies of the Holder of such Residual Certificate now or hereafter existing at law or in equity.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, however, in no event shall the Trustee or the Securities Administrator, as applicable, have any liability (1) for any action or omission that is taken in accordance with and in compliance with the express terms of, or which is expressly permitted by the terms of, this Agreement or any Servicing Agreement, (2) for any Losses other than arising out of a negligent performance by the Trustee or the Securities Administrator, as applicable, of its duties and obligations set forth herein, and (3) for any special or consequential damages to Certificateholders (in addition to payment of principal and interest on the Certificates).
In addition, neither the Trustee nor the Securities Administrator shall have any liability for the actions or failure to act of the other.Section 10.04REO Property.
(a)Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, the Master Servicer, acting on behalf of the Trustee hereunder, shall not, except to the extent provided in the applicable Servicing Agreement, knowingly permit any Servicer to, rent, lease, or otherwise earn income on behalf of any REMIC with respect to any REO Property which might cause an Adverse REMIC Event unless the Master Servicer has advised, or has caused the applicable Servicer to advise, the Trustee and any NIMS Insurer in writing to the effect that, under the REMIC Provisions, such action would not result in an Adverse REMIC Event.
(b)The Master Servicer shall cause the applicable Servicer (to the extent provided in its Servicing Agreement) to make reasonable efforts to sell any REO Property for its fair market value.
If the Master Servicer has received such an extension, then the Trustee, or the Master Servicer, acting on its behalf hereunder, shall, or shall cause the applicable Servicer to, continue to attempt to sell the REO Property for its fair market value for such period longer than three years as such extension permits (the “Extended Period”).
This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and permitted assigns.Section 11.02Entire Agreement.
This Agreement contains the entire agreement and understanding among the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof, and supersedes all prior and contemporaneous agreements, understandings, inducements and conditions, express or implied, oral or written, of any nature whatsoever with respect to the subject matter hereof.
The express terms hereof control and supersede any course of performance and/or usage of the trade inconsistent with any of the terms hereof.Section 11.03Amendment.
(a)This Agreement may be amended from time to time by the Depositor, the Master Servicer, the Securities Administrator, and the Trustee, with the consent of any NIMS Insurer, but without the consent of the Credit Risk Manager or the Swap Counterparty except to the extent that the rights or obligations of the Credit Risk Manager or the Swap Counterparty hereunder, respectively, are directly affected thereby, and without notice to or the consent of any of the Holders, (i) to cure any ambiguity, (ii) to cause the provisions herein to conform to or be consistent with or in furtherance of the statements made with respect to the Certificates, the Trust Fund or this Agreement in any Offering Document, or to correct or supplement any provision herein which may be inconsistent with any other provisions herein or with the provisions of any Servicing Agreement, (iii) to make any other provisions with respect to matters or questions arising under this Agreement or (iv) to add, delete, or amend any provisions to the extent necessary or desirable to comply with any requirements imposed by the Code and the REMIC Provisions as evidenced by an Opinion of Counsel.
No such amendment effected pursuant to the preceding sentence shall, as evidenced by an Opinion of Counsel, result in an Adverse REMIC Event, nor shall such amendment effected pursuant to clause (iii) of such sentence adversely affect in any material respect the interests of any Holder.
Prior to entering into any amendment without the consent of Holders pursuant to this paragraph, the Trustee, any NIMS Insurer and the Swap Counterparty shall be provided with an Opinion of Counsel addressed to the Trustee, any NIMS Insurer and the Swap Counterparty (at the expense of the party requesting such amendment) to the effect that such amendment is permitted under this Section.
Any such amendment shall be deemed not to adversely affect in any material respect any Holder, if the Trustee receives written confirmation from each Rating Agency that such amendment will not cause such Rating Agency to reduce the then current rating assigned to the Certificates.
(b)This Agreement may also be amended from time to time by the Depositor, the Master Servicer, the Securities Administrator and the Trustee, with the consent of any NIMS Insurer, but without the consent of the Credit Risk Manager or the Swap Counterparty except to the extent that the rights or obligations of the Credit Risk Manager or the Swap Counterparty hereunder, respectively, are directly affected thereby and with the consent of the Holders of not less than 66-2/3% of the Class Principal Amount (or Percentage Interest) of each Class of Certificates affected thereby for the purpose of adding any provisions to or changing in any manner or eliminating any of the provisions of this Agreement or of modifying in any manner the rights of the Holders; provided, however, that no such amendment shall be made unless the Trustee and any NIMS Insurer receives an Opinion of Counsel addressed to the Trustee and the NIMS Insurer, at the expense of the party requesting the change, that such change will not cause an Adverse REMIC Event; and provided further, that no such amendment may (i) reduce in any manner the amount of, or delay the timing of, payments received on Mortgage Loans which are required to be distributed on any Certificate, without the consent of the Holder of such Certificate or (ii) reduce the aforesaid percentages of Class Principal Amount (or Percentage Interest) of Certificates of each Class, the Holders of which are required to consent to any such amendment without the consent of the Holders of 100% of the Class Principal Amount (or Percentage Interest) of each Class of Certificates affected thereby.
For purposes of this paragraph, references to “Holder” or “Holders” shall be deemed to include, in the case of any Class of Book-Entry Certificates, the related Certificate Owners.
(d)It shall not be necessary for the consent of Holders under this Section 11.03 to approve the particular form of any proposed amendment, but it shall be sufficient if such consent shall approve the substance thereof.
The manner of obtaining such consents and of evidencing the authorization of the execution thereof by Holders shall be subject to such reasonable regulations as the Trustee may prescribe.
(e)Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in any Servicing Agreement, the Trustee shall not consent to any amendment of any Servicing Agreement except pursuant to the standards provided in this Section with respect to amendment of this Agreement.
(f)Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 11.03, this Agreement may be amended from time to time by the Depositor, the Master Servicer, the Securities Administrator and the Trustee to the extent necessary, in the judgment of the Depositor and its counsel, to comply with the Rules.Section 11.04Voting Rights.
Except to the extent that the consent of all affected Certificateholders is required pursuant to this Agreement, with respect to any provision of this Agreement requiring the consent of Certificateholders representing specified percentages of aggregate outstanding Certificate Principal Amount (or Percentage Interest), Certificates owned by the Depositor, the Master Servicer, the Securities Administrator, the Trustee, any Servicer, the Credit Risk Manager or Affiliates thereof are not to be counted so long as such Certificates are owned by the Depositor, the Master Servicer, the Securities Administrator, the Trustee, any Servicer, the Credit Risk Manager or any Affiliate thereof.Section 11.05Provision of Information.
(a)For so long as any of the Certificates of any Series or Class are “restricted securities” within the meaning of Rule 144(a)(3) under the Act, each of the Depositor, the Master Servicer and the Securities Administrator agree to cooperate with each other to provide to any Certificateholders, any NIM Security holder and to any prospective purchaser of Certificates designated by such holder, upon the request of such holder or prospective purchaser, any information required to be provided to such holder or prospective purchaser to satisfy the condition set forth in Rule 144A(d)(4) under the Act.
Any reasonable, out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Master Servicer or the Securities Administrator in providing such information shall be reimbursed by the Depositor.
Any reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Securities Administrator in providing copies of such documents shall be reimbursed by the Depositor.
If any one or more of the covenants, agreements, provisions or terms of this Agreement shall be for any reason whatsoever held invalid, then such covenants, agreements, provisions or terms shall be deemed severable from the remaining covenants, agreements, provisions or terms of this Agreement and shall in no way affect the validity or enforceability of the other provisions of this Agreement or of the Certificates or the rights of the Holders thereof.Section 11.09Indulgences; No Waivers.
Neither the failure nor any delay on the part of a party to exercise any right, remedy, power or privilege under this Agreement shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any right, remedy, power or privilege preclude any other or further exercise of the same or of any other right, remedy, power or privilege, nor shall any waiver of any right, remedy, power or privilege with respect to any occurrence be construed as a waiver of such right, remedy, power or privilege with respect to any other occurrence.
The headings contained in this Agreement are for convenience of reference only, and they shall not be used in the interpretation hereof.Section 11.11Benefits of Agreement.The Depositor shall promptly notify each Custodian and the Trustee in writing of the issuance of any Class of NIMS Securities issued by a NIMS Insurer and the identity of such NIMS Insurer.
Thereafter, the NIMS Insurer shall be deemed a third-party beneficiary of this Agreement to the same extent as if it were a party hereto, and shall be subject to and have the right to enforce the provisions of this Agreement so long as the NIMS Securities remaining outstanding or the NIMS Insurer is owed amounts in respect of its guarantee of payment of such NIMS Securities.
Nothing in this Agreement or in the Certificates, express or implied, shall give to any Person, other than the parties to this Agreement and their successors hereunder, the Holders of the Certificates and the NIMS Insurer, any benefit or any legal or equitable right, power, remedy or claim under this Agreement, except to the extent specified in Section 11.15.Section 11.12Special Notices to the Rating Agencies and any NIMS Insurer.
Dominion Bond Rating Service, Inc.One Exchange Plaza55 Broadway, 15th FloorNew York, New York 10006Attention:  Structured Finance Group(c)The Securities Administrator shall provide or make available to the Rating Agencies reports prepared pursuant to Section 4.03.
In addition, the Securities Administrator shall, at the expense of the Trust Fund, make available to each Rating Agency such information as such Rating Agency may reasonably request regarding the Certificates or the Trust Fund, to the extent that such information is reasonably available to the Securities Administrator.Section 11.13Conflicts.
To the extent that the terms of this Agreement conflict with the terms of any Servicing Agreement, the related Servicing Agreement shall govern, unless such provisions shall adversely affect the Trustee or the Trust Fund.Section 11.14Counterparts.
This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original, and all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument.Section 11.15Transfer of Servicing.
In addition, the ability of the Seller to transfer or assign its rights and delegate its duties under the Servicing Agreement or to transfer the servicing thereunder to a successor servicer shall be subject to the following conditions:(i)satisfaction of the conditions to such transfer as set forth in the Servicing Agreement including, without limitation, receipt of written consent of any NIMS Insurer and the Master Servicer to such transfer;(ii)Such successor servicer must be qualified to service loans for Fannie Mae or Freddie Mac, and must be a member in good standing of MERS;(iii)Such successor servicer must satisfy the seller/servicer eligibility standards in the Servicing Agreement, exclusive of any experience in mortgage loan origination;(iv)Such successor servicer must execute and deliver to the Trustee and the Master Servicer an agreement, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Trustee and the Master Servicer, that contains an assumption by such successor servicer of the due and punctual performance and observance of each covenant and condition to be performed and observed by the applicable Servicer under the applicable Servicing Agreement or, in the case of a transfer of servicing to a party that is already a Servicer pursuant to this Agreement, an agreement to add the related Mortgage Loans to the Servicing Agreement already in effect with such Servicer;(v)If the successor servicer is not a Servicer of Mortgage Loans at the time of the transfer, there must be delivered to the Trustee and the Master Servicer a letter from each Rating Agency to the effect that such transfer of servicing will not result in a qualification, withdrawal or downgrade of the then-current rating of any of the Certificates; and(vi)The Seller shall, at its cost and expense, take such steps, or cause the terminated Servicer to take such steps, as may be necessary or appropriate to effectuate and evidence the transfer of the servicing of the Mortgage Loans to such successor servicer, including, but not limited to, the following: (A) to the extent required by the terms of the Mortgage Loans and by applicable federal and state laws and regulations, the Seller shall cause the prior Servicer to timely mail to each obligor under a Mortgage Loan any required notices or disclosures describing the transfer of servicing of the Mortgage Loans to the successor servicer; (B) prior to the effective date of such transfer of servicing, the Seller shall cause the prior Servicer to transmit to any related insurer notification of such transfer of servicing; (C) on or prior to the effective date of such transfer of servicing, the Seller shall cause the prior Servicer to deliver to the successor servicer all Mortgage Loan Documents and any related records or materials; (D) on or prior to the effective date of such transfer of servicing, the Seller shall cause the prior Servicer to transfer to the successor servicer, or, if such transfer occurs after a Servicer Remittance Date but before the next succeeding Deposit Date, to the Trustee, all funds held by the prior Servicer in respect of the Mortgage Loans; (E) on or prior to the effective date of such transfer of servicing, the Seller shall cause the prior Servicer to, after the effective date of the transfer of servicing to the successor servicer, continue to forward to such successor servicer, within one Business Day of receipt, the amount of any payments or other recoveries received by the prior Servicer, and to notify the successor servicer of the source and proper application of each such payment or recovery; and (F) the Seller shall cause the prior Servicer to, after the effective date of transfer of servicing to the successor servicer, continue to cooperate with the successor servicer to facilitate such transfer in such manner and to such extent as the successor servicer may reasonably request.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the prior Servicer shall be obligated to perform the items listed above to the extent provided in the Servicing Agreement.
EXHIBIT AFORMS OF CERTIFICATES
This Certificate is subject in all respects to the terms of Section 2.02 of the Trust Agreement and the Trust Agreement sections cross-referenced therein.
[Custodian]
By:_____________________________________Name:Title:
This Certificate is qualified in all respects by the terms of said Trust Agreement including, but not limited to, Section 2.02(b).
[Custodian]
By:_____________________________________Name:Title:
This Certificate is qualified in all respects by the terms of said Trust Agreement.
[Custodian]
By:_____________________________________Name:Title:
EXHIBIT C
(The Servicer hereby certifies that all amounts received in connection with the loan have been or will be credited to the Certificate Account pursuant to the Trust Agreement.
(The Servicer hereby certifies that a Qualifying Substitute Mortgage Loan has been assigned and delivered to you along with the related Mortgage File pursuant to the Trust Agreement.
)4.Mortgage Loan repurchased.
(The Servicer hereby certifies that the Purchase Price has been credited to the Certificate Account pursuant to the Trust Agreement.)5.Other.
:COUNTY OF)[NAME OF OFFICER], _________________ being first duly sworn, deposes and says:1.That he [she] is [title of officer] ________________________ of [name of Purchaser] _________________________________________ (the “Purchaser”), a _______________________ [description of type of entity] duly organized and existing under the laws of the [State of __________] [United States], on behalf of which he [she] makes this affidavit.2.That the Purchaser’s Taxpayer Identification Number is            .3.That the Purchaser is not a “disqualified organization” within the meaning of Section 860E(e)(5) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”) and will not be a “disqualified organization” as of [date of transfer], and that the Purchaser is not acquiring a Residual Certificate (as defined in the Agreement) for the account of, or as agent (including a broker, nominee, or other middleman) for, any person or entity from which it has not received an affidavit substantially in the form of this affidavit.
For these purposes, a “disqualified organization” means the United States, any state or political subdivision thereof, any foreign government, any international organization, any agency or instrumentality of any of the foregoing (other than an instrumentality if all of its activities are subject to tax and a majority of its board of directors is not selected by such governmental entity), any cooperative organization furnishing electric energy or providing telephone service to persons in rural areas as described in Code Section 1381(a)(2)(C), any “electing large partnership” within the meaning of Section 775 of the Code, or any organization (other than a farmers’ cooperative described in Code Section 521) that is exempt from federal income tax unless such organization is subject to the tax on unrelated business income imposed by Code Section 511.4.That the Purchaser either (x) is not, and on __________________ [date of transfer] will not be, an employee benefit plan or other retirement arrangement subject to Section 406 of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended (“ERISA”), or Section 4975 of the Code (“Code”), (collectively, a “Plan”) or a person acting on behalf of any such Plan or investing the assets of any such Plan to acquire a Residual Certificate; (y) if the Residual Certificate has been the subject of an ERISA-Qualifying Underwriting, is an insurance company that is purchasing the Residual Certificate with funds contained in an “insurance company general account” as defined in Section V(e) of Prohibited Transaction Class Exemption (“PTCE”) 95-60 and the purchase and holding of the Residual Certificate are covered under Sections I and III of PTCE 95-60; or (z) herewith delivers to the Trustee an opinion of counsel (a “Benefit Plan Opinion”) satisfactory to the Trustee, and upon which the Trustee, the Master Servicer, the Securities Administrator, the Depositor and any NIMS Insurer shall be entitled to rely, to the effect that the purchase or holding of such Residual Certificate by the Investor will not result in any non-exempt prohibited transactions under Title I of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code and will not subject the Trustee, the Depositor, the Master Servicer, the Securities Administrator or any NIMS Insurer to any obligation in addition to those undertaken by such entities in the Trust Agreement, which opinion of counsel shall not be an expense of the Trust Fund or any of the above parties.5.That the Purchaser hereby acknowledges that under the terms of the Trust Agreement (the “Agreement”) by and among Structured Asset Securities Corporation, as Depositor, LaSalle Bank National Association, as Trustee, Aurora Loan Services Inc., as Master Servicer, Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., as Securities Administrator, and The Murrayhill Company, as Credit Risk Manager, dated as of December 1, 2004, no transfer of the Residual Certificate shall be permitted to be made to any person unless the Depositor and Trustee have received a certificate from such transferee containing the representations in paragraphs 3 and 4 hereof.6.That the Purchaser does not hold REMIC residual securities as nominee to facilitate the clearance and settlement of such securities through electronic book-entry changes in accounts of participating organizations (such entity, a “Book-Entry Nominee”).7.That the Purchaser does not have the intention to impede the assessment or collection of any federal, state or local taxes legally required to be paid with respect to such Residual Certificate.8.That the Purchaser will not transfer a Residual Certificate to any person or entity (i) as to which the Purchaser has actual knowledge that the requirements set forth in paragraph 3, paragraph 6 or paragraph 10 hereof are not satisfied or that the Purchaser has reason to believe does not satisfy the requirements set forth in paragraph 7 hereof, and (ii) without obtaining from the prospective Purchaser an affidavit substantially in this form and providing to the Trustee a written statement substantially in the form of Exhibit D-2 to the Agreement.9.That the Purchaser understands that, as the holder of a Residual Certificate, the Purchaser may incur tax liabilities in excess of any cash flows generated by the interest and that it intends to pay taxes associated with holding such Residual Certificate as they become due.10.That the Purchaser (i) is not a Non-U.S.
Person or (ii) is a Non-U.S.
Person that holds a Residual Certificate in connection with the conduct of a trade or business within the United States and has furnished the transferor and the Trustee with an effective Internal Revenue Service Form W-8ECI (Certificate of Foreign Person’s Claim for Exemption From Withholding on Income Effectively Connected With the Conduct of a Trade or Business in the United States) or successor form at the time and in the manner required by the Code or (iii) is a Non-U.S.
Person that has delivered to both the transferor and the Trustee an opinion of a nationally recognized tax counsel to the effect that the transfer of such Residual Certificate to it is in accordance with the requirements of the Code and the regulations promulgated thereunder and that such transfer of a Residual Certificate will not be disregarded for federal income tax purposes.
“Non-U.S. Person” means an individual, corporation, partnership or other person other than (i) a citizen or resident of the United States; (ii) a corporation, partnership or other entity created or organized in or under the laws of the United States or any state thereof, including for this purpose, the District of Columbia; (iii) an estate that is subject to U.S. federal income tax regardless of the source of its income; (iv) a trust if a court within the United States is able to exercise primary supervision over the administration of the trust and one or more United States trustees have authority to control all substantial decisions of the trust; and, (v) to the extent provided in Treasury regulations, certain trusts in existence on August 20, 1996 that are treated as United States persons prior to such date and elect to continue to be treated as United States persons.11.That the Purchaser agrees to such amendments of the Trust Agreement as may be required to further effectuate the restrictions on transfer of any Residual Certificate to such a “disqualified organization,” an agent thereof, a Book-Entry Nominee, or a person that does not satisfy the requirements of paragraph 7 and paragraph 10 hereof.12.That the Purchaser consents to the designation of the Securities Administrator as its agent to act as “tax matters person” of the Trust Fund pursuant to the Trust Agreement.
EXHIBIT D-2RESIDUAL CERTIFICATE TRANSFER AFFIDAVIT (TRANSFEROR)____________________________DateRe:Structured Asset Investment Loan TrustMortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2004-11_______________________ (the “Transferor”) has reviewed the attached affidavit of _____________________________ (the “Transferee”), and has no actual knowledge that such affidavit is not true and has no reason to believe that the information contained in paragraph 7 thereof is not true, and has no reason to believe that the Transferee has the intention to impede the assessment or collection of any federal, state or local taxes legally required to be paid with respect to a Residual Certificate.
In addition, the Transferor has conducted a reasonable investigation at the time of the transfer and found that the Transferee had historically paid its debts as they came due and found no significant evidence to indicate that the Transferee will not continue to pay its debts as they become due.Very truly yours,_______________________________Name:Title:
Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Trust Agreement.This letter relates to $__________ initial Certificate Balance of Class       Certificates which are held in the form of Definitive Certificates registered in the name of                                  (the “Transferor”).
The Transferor has requested a transfer of such Definitive Certificates for Definitive Certificates of such Class registered in the name of [insert name of transferee].In connection with such request, and in respect of such Certificates, the Transferor hereby certifies that such Certificates are being transferred in accordance with (i) the transfer restrictions set forth in the Trust Agreement and the Certificates and (ii) Rule 144A under the Securities Act to a purchaser that the Transferor reasonably believes is a “qualified institutional buyer” within the meaning of Rule 144A purchasing for its own account or for the account of a “qualified institutional buyer,” which purchaser is aware that the sale to it is being made in reliance upon Rule 144A, in a transaction meeting the requirements of Rule 144A and in accordance with any applicable securities laws of any state of the United States or any other applicable jurisdiction.This certificate and the statements contained herein are made for your benefit and the benefit of the Placement Agent and the Depositor._____________________________________[Name of Transferor]By:__________________________________Name:Title:Dated: ___________, ____
We agree, on our own behalf and on behalf of any accounts for which we are acting as hereinafter stated, that if we should sell any Privately Offered Certificates within two years of the later of the date of original issuance of the Privately Offered Certificates or the last day on which such Privately Offered Certificates are owned by the Depositor or any affiliate of the Depositor (which includes the Placement Agent) we will do so only (A) to the Depositor, (B) to “qualified institutional buyers” (within the meaning of Rule 144A under the Securities Act) in accordance with Rule 144A under the Securities Act (“QIBs”), (C) pursuant to the exemption from registration provided by Rule 144 under the Securities Act, or (D) to an institutional “accredited investor” within the meaning of Rule 501(a)(1), (2), (3) or (7) of Regulation D under the Securities Act that is not a QIB (an “Institutional Accredited Investor”) which, prior to such transfer, delivers to the Trustee under the Trust Agreement dated as of December 1, 2004 by and among the Depositor, Aurora Loan Services Inc., as Master Servicer, LaSalle Bank National Association, as Trustee (the “Trustee”), Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., as Securities Administrator, and The Murrayhill Company, as Credit Risk Manager, a signed letter in the form of this letter; and we further agree, in the capacities stated above, to provide to any person purchasing any of the Privately Offered Certificates from us a notice advising such purchaser that resales of the Privately Offered Certificates are restricted as stated herein.
(2)We understand that, in connection with any proposed resale of any Privately Offered Certificates to an Institutional Accredited Investor, we will be required to furnish to the Trustee and the Depositor a certification from such transferee in the form hereof to confirm that the proposed sale is being made pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act.
We further understand that the Privately Offered Certificates purchased by us will bear a legend to the foregoing effect.
(3)We are acquiring the Privately Offered Certificates for investment purposes and not with a view to, or for offer or sale in connection with, any distribution in violation of the Securities Act.
We have such knowledge and experience in financial and business matters as to be capable of evaluating the merits and risks of our investment in the Privately Offered Certificates, and we and any account for which we are acting are each able to bear the economic risk of such investment.
(4)We are an Institutional Accredited Investor and we are acquiring the Privately Offered Certificates purchased by us for our own account or for one or more accounts (each of which is an Institutional Accredited Investor) as to each of which we exercise sole investment discretion.
(5)We have received such information as we deem necessary in order to make our investment decision.
(6)If we are acquiring ERISA-Restricted Certificates, we understand that in accordance with ERISA, the Code and the Exemption, no Plan and no person acting on behalf of such a Plan may acquire such Certificate except in accordance with Section 3.03(d) of the Trust Agreement.Terms used in this letter which are not otherwise defined herein have the respective meanings assigned thereto in the Trust Agreement.
:COUNTY OF NEW YORK)The undersigned, being first duly sworn, deposes and says as follows:1.The undersigned is the ______________________ of (the “Investor”), a [corporation duly organized] and existing under the laws of __________, on behalf of which he makes this affidavit.2.In the case of an ERISA-Restricted Certificate, the Investor either (x) is not, and on __________________ [date of transfer] will not be, an employee benefit plan or other retirement arrangement subject to Section 406 of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended (“ERISA”), or Section 4975 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”), (collectively, a “Plan”) or a person acting on behalf of any such Plan or investing the assets of any such Plan to acquire a Certificate; (y) if the Certificate has been the subject of an ERISA-Qualifying Underwriting, is an insurance company that is purchasing the Certificate with funds contained in an “insurance company general account” as defined in Section V(e) of Prohibited Transaction Class Exemption (“PTCE”) 95-60 and the purchase and holding of the Certificate are covered under Sections I and III of PTCE 95-60; or (z) herewith delivers to the Trustee an opinion of counsel (a “Benefit Plan Opinion”) satisfactory to the Trustee, and upon which the Trustee, the Master Servicer, the Securities Administrator, the Depositor and any NIMS Insurer shall be entitled to rely, to the effect that the purchase or holding of such Certificate by the Investor will not result in any non-exempt prohibited transactions under Title I of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code and will not subject the Trustee, the Depositor, the Master Servicer, the Securities Administrator or any NIMS Insurer to any obligation in addition to those undertaken by such entities in the Trust Agreement, which opinion of counsel shall not be an expense of the Trust Fund or any of the above parties.3.In the case of an ERISA-Restricted Swap Certificate prior to the Distribution Date in January 2010, either (i) the Investor is neither a Plan nor a person acting on behalf of any such Plan or using the assets of any such Plan to effect such transfer or (ii) the acquisition and holding of the ERISA-Restricted Swap Certificate are eligible for exemptive relief under PTCE 84-14, PTCE 90-1, PTCE 91-38, PTCE 95-60 or PTCE 96-23.4.The Investor hereby acknowledges that under the terms of the Trust Agreement (the “Agreement”) by and among Structured Asset Securities Corporation, as Depositor, LaSalle Bank National Association, as Trustee, Aurora Loan Services Inc., as Master Servicer, Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., as Securities Administrator, and The Murrayhill Company, as Credit Risk Manager, dated as of December 1, 2004, no transfer of the ERISA-Restricted Certificates shall be permitted to be made to any person unless the Depositor and Trustee have received a certificate from such transferee in the form hereof.
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Investor has caused this instrument to be executed on its behalf, pursuant to proper authority, by its duly authorized officer, duly attested, this ____ day of _______________, 20___._________________________________[Investor]By:______________________________Name:Title:ATTEST:_____________________________STATE OF))  ss:COUNTY OF)Personally appeared before me the above-named ________________, known or proved to me to be the same person who executed the foregoing instrument and to be the ____________________ of the Investor, and acknowledged that he executed the same as his free act and deed and the free act and deed of the Investor.Subscribed and sworn before me this _____ day of _________ 20___.______________________________NOTARY PUBLICMy commission expires the_____ day of __________, 20___.
EXHIBIT JMONTHLY ELECTRONIC DATA TRANSMISSION
Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Agreement.This letter relates to U.S. $                              aggregate principal amount of Securities which are held in the form of a Restricted Global Security with DTC in the name of [name of transferor]                                                        (the “Transferor”) to effect the transfer of the Securities in exchange for an equivalent beneficial interest in a Regulation S Global Security.In connection with such request, the Transferor does hereby certify that such transfer has been effected in accordance with the transfer restrictions set forth in the Agreement and the Securities and in accordance with Rule 904 of Regulation S, and that:a.the offer of the Securities was not made to a person in the United States;b.at the time the buy order was originated, the transferee was outside the United States or the Transferor and any person acting on its behalf reasonably believed that the transferee was outside the United States;c.no directed selling efforts have been made in contravention of the requirements of Rule 903 or 904 of Regulation S, as applicable;d.the transaction is not part of a plan or scheme to evade the registration requirements of the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended; ande.the transferee is not a U.S. person (as defined in Regulation S).
You are entitled to rely upon this letter and are irrevocably authorized to produce this letter or a copy hereof to any interested party in any administrative or legal proceedings or official inquiry with respect to the matters covered hereby.
Terms used in this certificate have the meanings set forth in Regulation S.
                                                             [Name of Transferor]
By:                                                         Name:       Title:Date:                                   ,
EXHIBIT N-2
Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Agreement.This letter relates to U.S. $                              aggregate principal amount of Securities which are held in the form of a Regulations S Global Security in the name of [name of transferor]                                                         (the “Transferor”) to effect the transfer of the Securities in exchange for an equivalent beneficial interest in a Restricted Global Security.In connection with such request, and in respect of such Securities, the Transferor does hereby certify that such Securities are being transferred in accordance with (i) the transfer restrictions set forth in the Agreement and the Securities and (ii) Rule 144A under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended, to a transferee that the Transferor reasonably believes is purchasing the Securities for its own account or an account with respect to which the transferee exercises sole investment discretion, the transferee and any such account is a qualified institutional buyer within the meaning of Rule 144A, in a transaction meeting the requirements of Rule 144A and in accordance with any applicable securities laws of any state of the United States or any other jurisdiction.
[Name of Transferor]
By:                                                        Name:Title:Date:                                   ,
EXHIBIT O
[Reserved]
EXHIBIT P
Re:  Structured Asset Investment Loan TrustMortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2004-11I, [identify the certifying individual], a [title] of Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., as Securities Administrator of the Trust, hereby certify to Structured Asset Securities Corporation (the “Depositor”), and its officers, directors and affiliates, and with the knowledge and intent that they will rely upon this certification, that:(i)[I have reviewed the annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year [   ], and all reports on Form 8-K containing distribution reports filed in respect of periods included in the year covered by that annual report, relating to the above-referenced trust;](ii)[Based on my knowledge, the information in these distribution reports prepared by the Securities Administrator, taken as a whole, does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading as of the last day of the period covered by that annual report; and](iii)[Based on my knowledge, the distribution information required to be provided by the Securities Administrator under the Trust Agreement is included in these reports.]
By:_______________________________SignatureName:Title:
EXHIBIT R-1
FORM OF WATCHLIST REPORT
EXHIBIT R-2
FORM OF LOSS SEVERITY REPORT
EXHIBIT R-3
FORM OF MORTGAGE INSURANCE CLAIMS REPORT
EXHIBIT R-4
FORM OF PREPAYMENT PREMIUMS REPORT
EXHIBIT R-5
FORM OF ANALYTICS REPORT
EXHIBIT S
By:___________________________________Name:_________________________________Title: _________________________________
SCHEDULE AMORTGAGE LOAN SCHEDULE
