The Company and Executive desire to enter into this Agreement to reflect the terms pursuant to which Executive will serve DDR as Executive Vice President of Leasing and Development (certain capitalized terms used in this Agreement have the meanings ascribed to them in Section 21 of this Agreement).
DDR and Executive agree, effective as of the date first set forth above (the “Effective Date”), as follows:
DDR engages and employs Executive to render services in the administration and operation of its affairs as its Executive Vice President of Leasing and Development, reporting directly to DDR’s Chief Executive Officer (the “CEO”) or such other person designated by the CEO, all in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement, for a term extending from July 5, 2016 through December 31, 2018.
The period of time from July 11, 2016 until December 31, 2018 is sometimes referred to herein as the “Contract Period.”
Throughout the Contract Period while Executive is employed by DDR, Executive will devote all of Executive’s business time and efforts to the service of DDR, except for (a) usual vacation periods and reasonable periods of illness, (b) reasonable periods of time devoted to Executive’s personal financial affairs, and (c) services as a director or trustee of other corporations or organizations, either for profit or not for profit, that are not in competition with DDR; provided, however, that in no event shall Executive devote less than 90% of Executive’s business time and efforts to the service of DDR.
For all services to be rendered by Executive to DDR under this Agreement during the Contract Period while Executive is employed by DDR, including services as Executive Vice President of Leasing and Development and any other services specified by the CEO, DDR will pay and provide to Executive the compensation and benefits specified in this Section 3.
not prorated) and Executive’s performance with respect to any discretionary performance metrics shall be deemed to be at least at the target level .
The awards described in this Section 3.3 will at all times be subject to the terms and conditions of the Company’s 2012 Equity and Incentive Compensation Plan (or its successor(s)), as in effect from time to time (collectively, the “Equity Plan”), including, without limitation, all authority and powers provided or reserved to such plan’s administrator thereunder, as well as the award agreements for such awards.
As applicable, any awards vesting in installments shall be rounded up to the next nearest share amount divisible by the number of installments.
During the Contract Period while Executive is employed by DDR, Executive shall be entitled to participate in any other equity or other employee benefit plan or program that is generally available to senior executive officers, as distinguished from general management, of DDR, including, without limitation (but specifically excluding actual participation in the 2016 VSEP), any long-term incentive compensation plan or similar program.
Executive’s participation in and benefits under any such plan or program shall be on the terms
and subject to such conditions as are specified in the governing documents of the particular plan or program.
Executive shall be solely responsible for taxes imposed on Executive by reason of any compensation and benefits provided under this Agreement, and all such compensation and benefits shall be subject to applicable withholding taxes.
Throughout the Contract Period while Executive is employed by DDR, Executive will be entitled to participate in all retirement and other benefit plans maintained by DDR that are generally available to its senior executives and with respect to which Executive is eligible pursuant to the terms of the underlying plan or plans, including, without limitation, the DDR 401(k) plan for its employees and any DDR deferred compensation program.
Throughout the Contract Period while Executive is employed by DDR, DDR will provide an enrollment opportunity to Executive and Executive’s eligible dependents for health, dental and vision insurance coverage, other insurance (e.g.
and any other benefits maintained by DDR from time to time, if any, during the Contract Period that are generally available to its senior executives and with respect to which Executive is eligible pursuant to the terms of the underlying plan or plans.
Executive will be entitled to such periods of paid time off during the Contract Period while Executive is employed by DDR as may be provided from time to time under any DDR paid time off policy for senior executive officers.
4.4  Club Membership.
Throughout the Contract Period while Executive is employed by DDR, DDR will name Executive as a corporate designee under DDR’s country club membership, will bear the cost of regular membership fees, assessments, and dues incurred at that club by Executive, and will reimburse Executive for the amount of any charges actually and reasonably incurred at that club in the conduct of DDR’s business.
at the levels specified in Section 4.2 through the Termination Date, and, except as may otherwise be required by law, DDR will not pay or provide to Executive any further compensation or other benefits under this Agreement.
The amounts and benefits specified in this Section 7.2 are as follows:
Such payments shall be taxable to Executive.
To assure compliance with Section 409A, the timing of the provision of these benefits will be subject to Sections 13.1 and 13.3 if and to the extent either of those sections is applicable according to its terms.
The amounts and benefits specified in this Section 7.3 are as follows:
The amounts and benefits specified in this Section 7.4 are as follows:
Such payments shall be taxable to Executive.
The amounts and benefits specified in this Section 7.5 are as follows:
Such payments shall be taxable to Executive.
To assure compliance with Section 409A, the timing of the provision of these benefits will be subject to Sections 13.1 and 13.3 if and to the extent either of those sections is applicable according to its terms.
If DDR fails to present a Release and covering message to Executive (or Executive’s personal representative) as contemplated by Section 8.1, DDR will be deemed to have waived the requirement that Executive (or Executive’s personal representative) execute a Release as a condition to receiving payments under any portion of either of Sections 7.2 or 7.3, as the case may be.
Disability Definitions; Physical Examination.
9.1  Definitions.
For all purposes of this Agreement:
If either DDR or Executive, at any time or from time to time after receipt of notice of Executive’s Total Disability from the other, desires to contend that Executive is not Totally Disabled, Executive will promptly submit to a physical examination by the chief of medicine of any major accredited hospital in the Cleveland, Ohio area and, unless that physician issues his or her written statement to the effect that, in his or her opinion, based on his or her diagnosis, Executive is capable of resuming Executive’s Own Occupation and devoting Executive’s full time and energy to discharging the duties of Executive’s Own Occupation, Executive will be deemed to be and to continue to be Totally Disabled for all purposes of this Agreement.
No Set‑Off; No Obligation to Seek Other Employment or to Otherwise Mitigate Damages; No Effect Upon Other Plans.
Executive will not be required to mitigate damages or the amount of any payment provided for under this Agreement by seeking other employment or otherwise.
The amount of any payment provided for under this Agreement will not be reduced by any compensation or benefits earned by Executive as the result of employment by another employer or otherwise after the Termination Date.
Neither the provisions of this Agreement nor the making of any payment provided for under this Agreement, nor the termination of DDR’s obligations under this Agreement, will reduce any amounts otherwise payable, or in any way diminish Executive’s rights, under any incentive compensation plan, stock option or stock appreciation rights plan, restricted stock plan or agreement, deferred compensation, retirement, or supplemental retirement plan, stock purchase and savings plan, disability or insurance plan, or other similar contract, plan, or arrangement of DDR or any Subsidiary, all of which will be governed by their respective terms.
Covenants and Confidential Information.
Executive acknowledges DDR’s reliance on and expectation of Executive’s continued commitment to performance of Executive’s duties and responsibilities during the Contract Period while Executive is employed by DDR and Executive assumes the obligations set out in this Section 12 in light of that reliance and expectation on the part of DDR.
During the Contract Period while Executive is employed by DDR, and for a period of one year thereafter, Executive will not, directly or indirectly, own, manage, control, or participate in the ownership, management, or control of, or be employed or engaged by or otherwise affiliated or associated as a consultant, independent contractor, or otherwise with, any of the four largest real estate investment trusts (excluding DDR) that focus primarily on neighborhood and community shopping centers, based on market capitalization as of the Termination Date; provided, however, that the ownership by Executive of not more than one percent of any class of publicly traded securities of any entity will not be deemed a violation of this Section 12.1.
12.2  Confidentiality.
Throughout and after the Contract Period, Executive will not disclose, divulge, discuss, copy, or otherwise use or suffer to be used in any manner, in competition with, or contrary to the interests of, DDR, any confidential information relating to DDR’s operations, properties, or otherwise to its particular business or other trade secrets of DDR, it being acknowledged by Executive that all such information regarding the business of DDR compiled or obtained by, or furnished to, Executive during Executive’s employment by or association with DDR is confidential information and DDR’s exclusive property.
The restrictions in this Section 12.2 will not apply to any information to the extent that it (a) is clearly obtainable in the public domain, (b) becomes obtainable in the public domain, except by reason of the breach by Executive of Executive’s obligations under this Section 12.2, (c) was not acquired by Executive in connection with Executive’s employment or affiliation with DDR, (d) was not acquired by Executive from DDR or its representatives, or (e) is required to be disclosed by rule of law or by order of a court or governmental body or agency.
During the Contract Period while Executive is employed by DDR, and for a period of one year thereafter, Executive will not directly or indirectly solicit or induce or attempt to solicit or induce any employee of DDR and/or of any Subsidiary or affiliate to terminate his or her employment with DDR and/or any Subsidiary.
12.4  Remedies.
Executive acknowledges that the remedy at law for any breach by Executive of this Section 12 may be inadequate and that the damages following from any such breach may not be readily susceptible to being measured in monetary terms.
Accordingly, Executive agrees that, upon adequate proof of Executive’s violation of any legally enforceable provision of this Section 12, DDR will be entitled to immediate injunctive relief and may obtain a temporary order restraining any threatened or further breach.
Nothing in this Section 12 will be deemed to limit DDR’s remedies at law or in equity for any breach by Executive of any of the provisions of this Section 12 that may be pursued or availed of by DDR.
Executive has carefully considered the nature and extent of the restrictions upon Executive and the rights and remedies conferred upon DDR under this Section 12, and hereby acknowledges and agrees that the same are reasonable in time and territory, are designed to eliminate competition that otherwise would be unfair to DDR, do not stifle the inherent skill and experience of Executive, would not operate as a bar to Executive’s sole means of support, are fully required to protect the legitimate interests of DDR, and do not confer a benefit upon DDR disproportionate to the detriment to Executive.
Compliance with Section 409A.
If Executive is a “specified employee” for purposes of Section 409A, as determined under DDR’s policy for determining specified employees on the Termination Date, each payment, benefit, or reimbursement paid or provided under this Agreement that constitutes a “deferral of compensation” within the meaning of Section 409A, that is to be paid or provided as a result of a “separation from service” within the meaning of Section 409A, and that would otherwise be paid or provided at any time (a “Scheduled Time”) that is on or before the date (the “Six Month Date”) that is exactly six months after the Termination Date (other than payments, benefits, or reimbursements that are treated as separation pay under Section 1.409A-1(b)(9)(v) of the Treasury Regulations) will not be paid or provided at the Scheduled Time but will be accumulated (together with interest at the applicable federal rate under Section 7872(f)(2)(A) of the Code in effect on the Termination Date) through the Six Month Date and paid or provided
If Executive is not a “specified employee” for purposes of Section 409A, as determined under DDR’s policy for determining specified employees on the Termination Date, any lump sum payment to be made by DDR to Executive pursuant to any one or more of Sections 7.2(d), 7.4(d) and 7.5(d) will be made by DDR to Executive during the 30-day period that begins exactly 60 days after the Termination Date rather than during the Seventh Month after the Termination Date.
The reimbursement of expenses or in-kind benefits provided under Section 7 or under any other section of this Agreement that are taxable benefits (and that are not disability pay or death benefit plans within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code) are intended to comply, to the maximum extent possible, with the exception to Section 409A set forth in Section 1.409A-1(b)(9)(v) of the Treasury Regulations.
13.4  Compliance Generally.
DDR and Executive intend that the payments and benefits provided under this Agreement will either be exempt from the application of, or comply with, the requirements of Section 409A.
This Agreement is to be construed, administered, and governed in a manner that effects that intent and DDR will not take any action that is inconsistent with that intent.
Without limiting the foregoing, the payments and benefits provided under this Agreement may not be deferred, accelerated, extended, paid out, or modified in a manner that would result in the imposition of an additional tax under Section 409A upon Executive.
Indemnification.
DDR will indemnify Executive, to the full extent permitted or authorized by the Ohio General Corporation Law as it may from time to time be amended, if Executive is made or threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending, or completed action, suit, or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative, or investigative, by reason of the fact that Executive is or was a director, officer, or employee of DDR and/or of any Subsidiary, or is or was serving at the request of DDR and/or of any Subsidiary as a director, trustee, officer, or employee of a corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, or other enterprise, as well as any claim related to the breach of the Prior Agreement  (as defined in Section 20.1) by Executive.
The indemnification provided by this Section 14 will not be deemed exclusive of any other rights to which Executive may be entitled under the articles of incorporation or the regulations of DDR and/or of any Subsidiary, or any agreement, vote of shareholders or disinterested directors, or otherwise, both as to action in Executive’s official capacity and as to action in another capacity while holding such office, and will continue as to Executive after Executive has ceased to be a director, trustee, officer, or employee and will inure to the benefit of Executive’s heirs, executors, and administrators.
In particular, Executive will continue to be entitled to the full benefit of the indemnification agreement, if any, between Executive and DDR (the “Indemnification Agreement”) for so long as that Indemnification Agreement remains in effect according to its terms.
In the event of any conflict or inconsistency between the provisions of this Section 14 and the provisions of the Indemnification Agreement, the provisions of the Indemnification Agreement shall control.
This Section 15 will apply only to expenses that (a) are otherwise described in one or more of its subsections and (b) are incurred at any time from the Effective Date through the fifth anniversary of Executive’s death.
The obligation of DDR to advance expenses provided for in this Section 15.2 will not be deemed exclusive of any other rights to which Executive may be entitled under the articles of incorporation or the regulations of DDR or of any Subsidiary, or any agreement, vote of shareholders or disinterested directors, or otherwise.
Survival of Obligations.
Entire Agreement; Certain Prior Arrangements.
Except as otherwise set forth below in this Section 18, this Agreement supersedes in their entirety all prior agreements between the parties, if any, and all understandings between them, if any, with respect to the subject matter of this Agreement.
As provided in Section 14, Executive will be entitled to the full benefit of the Indemnification Agreement for so long as it remains in effect according to its terms.
Mandatory Arbitration Before a Change in Control.
Nothing in this Section 19 will limit the right of DDR to seek and obtain injunctive relief in a court of equity for any breach or threatened breach by Executive of any of Executive’s covenants contained in Section 12 above.
If this Section 19.1 applies, any controversy or claim arising out of or relating to this Agreement or any breach of this Agreement will be settled by binding arbitration to be held before three arbitrators and conducted in accordance with the Employment Arbitration Rules and Mediation Procedures of the American Arbitration Association in the City of Cleveland, Ohio.
The decision of the arbitrators will be final and binding on both parties and judgment on any award rendered by the arbitrators may be entered in any court of competent jurisdiction.
Costs and expenses of any such arbitration will be borne by the parties as may be directed by the arbitrators taking into account the extent to which the positions taken by each of the parties are reasonable.
The arbitrators will have the power to issue mandatory orders and restraining orders in connection with any such arbitration.
19.2  Other Disputes.
If Section 19.1 does not apply to any claim or controversy between the parties, the parties may nevertheless, but need not, mutually agree to submit any controversy or claim to arbitration as though Section 19.1 did apply.
Failing any such mutual agreement, either party may bring proceedings against the other with respect to any claim or controversy in any court of competent jurisdiction that satisfies the venue requirements set forth in Section 20.8.
Nothing in this Section 19.2 imposes upon either party any obligation to discuss possible arbitration of any claim or controversy to which Section 19.1 does not apply before bringing any court proceedings with respect to that claim or controversy.
20.1  No Conflict.
Executive represents and warrants that Executive is not a party to any agreement, contract, or understanding, whether employment or otherwise, that would restrict or prohibit Executive from undertaking or performing employment in accordance with the terms and
During the term of this Agreement and thereafter, Executive will provide reasonable assistance to DDR in litigation and regulatory matters that relate to events that occurred during Executive’s period of employment with DDR and its predecessors, and will provide reasonable assistance to DDR with matters relating to its corporate history from the period of Executive’s employment with it or its predecessors.
The provisions of this Agreement are severable and if any one or more provision is determined to be illegal or otherwise unenforceable, in whole or in part, the remaining provisions and any partially unenforceable provision to the extent enforceable in any jurisdiction nevertheless will be binding and enforceable.
20.4  Benefit of Agreement.
The rights and obligations of DDR under this Agreement will inure to the benefit of, and will be binding on, DDR and its successors and assigns, and the rights and obligations (other than obligations to perform services) of Executive under this Agreement will inure to the benefit of, and will be binding upon, Executive and Executive’s heirs, personal representatives, and assigns.
The failure of either party to enforce any provision or provisions of this Agreement will not in any way be construed as a waiver of any such provision or provisions as to any future violations thereof, nor prevent that party from later enforcing each and every other provision of this Agreement.
The rights granted the parties in this Agreement are cumulative and the waiver of any single remedy will not constitute a waiver of that party’s right to assert all other legal remedies available to it under the circumstances.
Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, however, Executive acknowledges and agrees that this Agreement and any compensation described herein are subject to the terms and conditions of the Company's clawback policy (if any) as may be in effect from time to time specifically to implement Section 10D of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and any applicable rules or regulations promulgated thereunder (including applicable rules and regulations of any national securities exchange on which the Shares may be traded) (the “Compensation Recovery Policy”), and that applicable sections of this Agreement and any related documents shall be deemed superseded by and subject to the terms and conditions of the Compensation Recovery Policy from and after the effective date thereof.
Upon any such assumption, the successor corporation will become obligated to perform the obligations of DDR
under this Agreement, and the terms “DDR” and the “Company,” as used in this Agreement, will be deemed to refer to that successor corporation, and the term “the Board” as used in this Agreement will be deemed to refer to the board of directors of that successor corporation.
The provisions of this Agreement will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Ohio applicable to contracts made in and to be performed exclusively within that State, notwithstanding any conflict of law provision to the contrary.
Subject to the mandatory arbitration provisions of Section 19, the parties consent to venue and personal jurisdiction over them in the courts of the State of Ohio and federal courts sitting in Cleveland, Ohio, for purposes of construing and enforcing this Agreement.
Definitions.
The term “Cause” has the meaning set forth in Section 6.2.
The term “Change in Control” means the occurrence, during the Contract Period while Executive is employed by DDR, of any of the following:
other than the Board, shall be, for purposes of this Section 21.4(c), considered as though such person was a member of the Board at the beginning of such period.
The term “Committee” means the Executive Compensation Committee of the Board or any other committee or subcommittee authorized by the Board to discharge the Board’s responsibilities relating to the compensation of DDR’s executives and directors.
The term “Good Reason” has the meaning set forth in Section 6.3.
The term “Internal Revenue Code” means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.
References in this Agreement to one or more “Sections” are to sections of this Agreement, except for references to Section 409A, which are references to that section of the Internal Revenue Code.
The term “Section 409A” means Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code.
References in this Agreement to Section 409A are intended to include any proposed, temporary, or final regulations, or any other guidance, promulgated with respect to Section 409A by the U.S. Department of Treasury or the Internal Revenue Service.
21.14  Subsidiary.
The term “Subsidiary” means any corporation, partnership, or other entity a majority of the voting control of which is directly or indirectly owned or controlled by DDR.
