Compensation.
3.1  Base Salary.
From and after July 5, 2016 and through the end of the Contract Period while Executive is employed by DDR, DDR will pay Executive base salary (the “Base Salary”), in equal monthly or more frequent installments, at the rate of not less than Four Hundred Thousand Dollars ($400,000) per year, subject to such increases as the Committee or the Board of Directors of DDR (the “Board”) may approve.
3.2  Annual Bonus.
If Executive achieves the factors and criteria for annual cash incentive compensation hereinafter described for any calendar year of the Company (beginning with 2016) during the Contract Period while Executive is employed by DDR, then the Company shall make an annual incentive payment to Executive, in cash, for such calendar year (an “Annual Bonus”) between January 1 and March 15 of the immediately subsequent calendar year, determined and calculated in accordance with the percentages set forth on Exhibit A attached hereto.
The Company’s payment of an Annual Bonus to Executive shall be determined based on the factors and criteria that have been or may be established from time to time for the calculation of the Annual Bonus by the Committee after consultation with Executive.
relative weighting to be used in, and any specific threshold, target and maximum performance targets applicable to, the determination of the Annual Bonus for Executive for such calendar year not later than March 15 of such year.
There is no guaranteed Annual Bonus under this Agreement, and for each applicable year, Executive’s Annual Bonus could be as low as zero or as high as the maximum percentage set forth on Exhibit A attached hereto, provided however, that for calendar year 2016, any Annual Bonus to which Executive shall be entitled will be calculated on a full year basis (i.e.
Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, each Annual Bonus shall be on the terms and subject to such conditions as are specified for the particular Company plans or programs pursuant to which the Annual Bonus is granted.
(a)  Annual Equity Grants.
Beginning with the 2016 calendar year and for each calendar year during the Contract Period, subject to the approval of the Committee for each such award, Executive shall be eligible to receive pursuant to the Equity Plan:
(i)  a grant of service-based restricted share units with a grant date value equal to no less than $80,000 (the “Service-Based RSUs”), which Service-Based RSUs will, in general, vest subject to Executive’s continued employment with the Company in three installments with 1/3 of each grant vesting on each of the first three anniversaries of the grant date, subject to terms and conditions approved by the Committee;
(ii)  a grant of service-based stock options with a grant date value equal to no less than $20,000 (the “Service-Based Options”), which Service-Based Options will, in general, vest subject to Executive’s continued employment with the Company in three installments with 1/3 of each grant vesting on December 31 of the calendar year in which the grant occurs and 1/3 of each grant vesting on each of the first two anniversaries of such date, subject to terms and conditions approved by the Committee; and
(iii)  a grant of performance shares, performance units or performance-based restricted stock units with a grant date “target” value equal to no less than $80,000 (the “Three-Year Performance Units”), the payout of which Three-Year Performance Units will vary in accordance with the percentages set forth on Exhibit A attached hereto based on relative total shareholder return performance achievement based upon a peer group established by the Committee, measured over a three-year performance period beginning on January 1 of the calendar year in which the grant occurs, and will be payable, if earned, after the expiration of such performance period.
(b)  One-Time Signing Grants.
In connection with Executive’s execution of the Agreement, as soon as practicable after the Effective Date, Executive shall be entitled to receive, subject to and contingent upon the approval of the Committee for each such award:
(i)  a grant of service-based restricted share units with a grant date value equal to no less than $400,000 (the “Sign-On Service-Based RSUs”), which Sign-On Service-Based RSUs will, in general, vest subject to Executive’s continued employment with the Company in three installments with 1/3 of each grant vesting on each of the first three anniversaries of the grant date, subject to terms and conditions approved by the Committee;
(ii) a performance award opportunity representing the substantial equivalent of a deemed opportunity to earn Performance Award Shares (as defined in DDR’s 2016 Value Sharing Equity Program (the “2016 VSEP”)) under the 2016 VSEP that Executive would have received had Executive actually been designated as a “Participant” at the level of Executive Vice President of Leasing and Development under the terms of the 2016 VSEP (as such Performance Award Value Sharing Opportunity (as defined in the 2016 VSEP) has been communicated by DDR to Executive), all subject to substantially the same terms and conditions as would have applied under the 2016 VSEP if Executive had actually been designated by the Committee as a “Participant” in the 2016 VSEP (the “Synthetic VSEP Award”); and
(iii) a grant of performance shares with a grant date “target” value equal to no less than $20,000 (the “One-Year Performance Units”), the payout of which One-Year Performance Units will vary in accordance with the percentages set forth on Exhibit A attached hereto based on relative total shareholder return performance achievement based upon a peer group established by the Committee, measured over a performance period beginning on January 1, 2016 and ending on December 31, 2016, and will be payable, if earned, after the expiration of such performance period; and
(iv)  a grant of performance shares, performance units or performance-based restricted stock units with a grant date “target” value equal to no less than $40,000 (the “Two-Year Performance Units” and, together with the Three-Year Performance Units and the One-Year Performance Units, the “Performance Units”), the payout of which Two-Year Performance Units will vary in accordance with the percentages set forth on Exhibit A attached hereto based on relative total shareholder return performance achievement based upon a peer group established by the Committee, measured over a performance period beginning on January 1, 2016 and ending on December 31, 2017, and will be payable, if earned, after the expiration of such performance period.
4.3  Paid Time Off.
Expense Reimbursement.
DDR will reimburse Executive during the Contract Period while Executive is employed by DDR for travel, entertainment, and other expenses reasonably and necessarily incurred by Executive in connection with DDR’s business.
DDR will pay any Base Salary referred to in this Section 7.1 to Executive within 30 days of the Termination Date.
(a)  A lump sum amount equal to Executive’s Base Salary for the year through the Termination Date, to the extent not already paid.
(d)  A lump sum amount equal to 1.0 times the sum of (i) Executive’s Base Salary as of the Termination Date, plus (ii) an amount equal to the value of the Annual Bonus for Executive applicable to the year in which the Termination Date occurs at the “Target” level.
Except as otherwise provided in Section 13.2, DDR will pay this amount to Executive during the Seventh Month after the Termination Date (as defined in Section 13.1 below).
(e)  A lump sum in cash in an amount equal to the product of (i) 12 multiplied by (ii) the sum of (A) the monthly COBRA premium for health, dental and vision benefits but only if Executive timely elects continuation coverage under DDR’s health, dental and vision plans pursuant to COBRA, plus (B) the employer portion of the monthly premium for other DDR provided insurance (e.g., life, disability, etc.)
(a)  A lump sum amount equal to Executive’s Base Salary for the year through the Termination Date, to the extent not already paid.
Section 13.1, DDR will pay this amount to Executive’s personal representative within 30 days of the Termination Date.
(d)  A lump sum equal to the amount described in, and calculated pursuant to, Section 7.2(d).
DDR will pay this amount to Executive’s personal representative as soon as practicable following Executive’s death.
(e)  A lump sum in cash to Executive’s personal representative as soon as practicable following Executive’s death in an amount equal to the product of (i) 12 multiplied by (ii) the sum of (A) the monthly premium for DDR provided health, dental and vision insurance benefits at the levels specified in Section 4.2 in effect for Executive as of Executive’s death, plus (B) the employer portion of the monthly premium for other DDR provided insurance (e.g.
(a)  A lump sum amount equal to Executive’s Base Salary for the year through the Termination Date, to the extent not already paid.
(d)  A lump sum equal to the amount described in, and calculated pursuant to, Section 7.2(d).
Except as otherwise provided in Section 13.2, DDR will pay this amount to Executive during the Seventh Month after the Termination Date (as defined in Section 13.1 below).
(e)  A lump sum in cash in an amount equal to the product of (i) 12 multiplied by (ii) the sum of (A) the monthly COBRA premium for health, dental and vision insurance benefits but only if Executive timely elects continuation coverage under DDR’s health, dental and vision plans pursuant to COBRA, plus (B) the employer portion of the monthly premium for other DDR provided insurance (e.g., life, disability, etc.)
Upon the occurrence of a Triggering Event during the Contract Period while Executive is employed by DDR, DDR will pay and provide to Executive the amounts and benefits specified in this Section 7.5, and DDR will be deemed to have waived its right to provide a Release as provided in Section 8.2, and the provision of a Release will not be a condition to Executive receiving any payment or benefit from DDR under this Section 7.5.
(a)  A lump sum amount equal to Executive’s Base Salary for the year through the Termination Date, to the extent not already paid.
(d)  A lump sum amount equal to 2.5 times the sum of (i) Executive’s Base Salary as of the Termination Date, plus (ii) an amount equal to the value of the Annual Bonus for Executive for the year in which the Termination Date occurs at the “Target” level.
Except as otherwise provided in Section 13.2, DDR will pay this amount to Executive during the Seventh Month after the Termination Date (as defined in Section 13.1 below).
(e) A lump sum in cash in an amount equal to the product of (i) 18 multiplied by (ii) the sum of (A) the monthly COBRA premium for health, dental and vision benefits but only if Executive timely elects continuation coverage under DDR’s health, dental and vision plans pursuant to COBRA, plus (B) the employer portion of the monthly premium for other DDR provided insurance (e.g., life, disability, etc.)
Payments Are in Lieu of Severance Payments.
13.2  Earlier Payment if Not a Specified Employee.
To the extent that any reimbursement of expenses or in-kind benefits provided under Section 7 or under any other section of this Agreement either do not qualify for that exception, or are provided beyond the applicable time periods set forth in Section 1.409A-1(b)(9)(v) of the Treasury Regulations, then they will be subject to the following additional rules: (i) any reimbursement of eligible expenses will be paid within 30 days following Executive’s written request for reimbursement;  provided, however, that Executive provides written notice no later than 60 days before the last day of the calendar year following the calendar year in which the expense was incurred so that DDR can make the reimbursement within the time periods required by Section 409A; (ii) the amount of expenses eligible for reimbursement, or in-kind benefits provided, during any calendar year will not affect the amount of expenses eligible for reimbursement, or in-kind benefits to be provided, during any other calendar year; and (iii) the right to reimbursement or in-kind benefits will not be subject to liquidation or exchange for any other benefit.
Each payment or reimbursement and the provision of each benefit under this Agreement shall be considered a separate payment and not one of a series of payments for purposes of Section 409A.
Certain Expenses.
15.1  Reimbursement of Certain Expenses.
DDR will pay, as incurred, all expenses, including the reasonable fees of counsel engaged by Executive, of Executive in (a) prosecuting any action to compel DDR to comply with the terms of this Agreement upon receipt from Executive of an undertaking to repay DDR for such expenses if it is ultimately determined by a court of competent jurisdiction that Executive had no reasonable grounds for bringing such action or (b) defending any action brought by a party other than Executive or Executive’s personal representative to have this Agreement declared invalid or unenforceable.
15.2  Advancement of Certain Expenses.
Expenses (including the reasonable fees of counsel engaged by Executive) incurred by Executive in defending any action, suit, or proceeding commenced or threatened against Executive for any action or failure to act as an employee or officer of DDR and/or of any Subsidiary will be paid by DDR, as they are incurred, in advance of final disposition of the action, suit, or proceeding upon receipt of an undertaking by or on behalf of Executive in which Executive agrees to reasonably cooperate with DDR and/or the Subsidiary, as the case may be, concerning the action, suit, or proceeding, and if the action, suit, or proceeding is commenced or threatened against Executive for any action or failure to act as an officer or employee, to repay the amount if it is ultimately determined that Executive is not entitled to be indemnified.
21.5  Committee.
21.13  Shares.
The term “Shares” means the Common Shares, par value $0.10 per share, of DDR.
