Exhibit 10.39
Full-Time Services.
For each of the Company’s calendar years in the Contract Period while Executive is employed by DDR, the Board or the Committee will provide Executive with written notice of the performance metrics and their
Executive will provide such documentation with respect to expenses to be reimbursed as DDR may reasonably request.
8
Release.
8.1  Presentation of Release by DDR.
If this Section 8 applies, DDR may present to Executive (or in the case of Executive’s death or legal incapacity, to Executive’s personal representative), not later than 21 days after the Termination Date, a form of release (a “Release”) of all current and future claims, known or unknown, arising on or before the date on which the Release is to be executed, that Executive or Executive’s assigns have or may have against DDR or any Subsidiary, and the directors, officers, and affiliates of any of them, in such form as may reasonably be presented by DDR together with a covering message in which DDR advises Executive (or Executive’s personal representative) that the Release is being presented in accordance with this Section 8.1 and that a failure by Executive (or Executive’s personal representative) to execute and return the Release as contemplated by Section 8.3 would relieve DDR of the obligation to make payments otherwise due to Executive (or to Executive’s personal representative) under one or more portions of either of Sections 7.2 or 7.3, as the case may be.
8.3  Execution of Release by Executive or Executive’s Personal Representative.
If DDR does present a Release and covering message to Executive (or Executive’s personal representative) as contemplated by Section 8.1, Executive (or Executive’s personal representative) will have until 50 days after the Termination Date (i.e., at least 29 days after presentation of the Release to Executive (or Executive’s personal representative)) within which to deliver an executed copy of the Release to DDR and thereby satisfy the condition to receiving payments under any portion of either of Sections 7.2 or 7.3, as the case may be, provided that Executive (or Executive’s personal representative) does not revoke the execution of the Release during any applicable revocation period.
If Executive (or Executive’s personal representative) fails to deliver an executed copy of the Release to DDR within 50 days after the Termination Date or revokes the execution of the Release during any applicable revocation period, Executive (or Executive’s personal representative) will be deemed to have waived the right to receive all payments under Sections 7.2 or 7.3, as the case may be, that were conditioned on the Release.
9.2  Physical Examination.
14
Notices.
Notices and all other communications provided for in this Agreement must be in writing and will be deemed to have been duly given upon receipt (or rejection) when delivered in person or by overnight delivery (to the chief legal officer of DDR in the case of notices to DDR and to Executive in the case of notices to Executive) or mailed by United States registered mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, and addressed, if to DDR, to its principal place of business, attention: Chief Legal Officer, and, if to Executive, to Executive’s home address last shown on the records of DDR, or to such other address or addresses as either party may furnish to the other in accordance with this Section 17.
Section 19.1 will apply if and only if either party notifies the other, in writing, that it is demanding resolution of a then-current controversy or claim by arbitration and the notice is provided by the notifying party to the other party before any Change in Control has occurred.
Miscellaneous.
Executive represents that he has provided to DDR a true, accurate and complete copy of the Prior Agreement.
During the Contract Period while Executive is employed by DDR, DDR will not consolidate with or merge into any other corporation, or transfer all or substantially all of its assets to another corporation, unless such other corporation assumes this Agreement in a signed writing and delivers a copy thereof to Executive, which signed writing may consist of the merger or sale agreement, or similar document.
16
20.8  Governing Law and Venue.
17
21.9  Internal Revenue Code.
18
