Compensation.
(a) Base Salary.
The Company shall pay or cause the Employer to pay the Executive an annual base salary not less than $232,000.
The base salary shall be paid to the Executive in accordance with established payroll practices of the Company (but no less frequently than monthly).
In connection with the annual performance review of the Executive, the Company will review the base salary amount (with the goal of completing such annual review by November 30 of each year or as soon thereafter as is practical) to consider whether any increase should be made to the base salary for such year.
The base salary during the initial term will not be less than that in effect at the beginning of the original term or, during a renewal term, will not be less than that in effect at the beginning of the renewal term.
(a) Benefit Programs.
The Company will allow the Executive to make salary deferral contributions to the Executive Deferred Compensation Plan as the terms of such plan otherwise permit.
The Executive shall be entitled to five (5) weeks vacation annually without loss of pay, to be accrued and used in accordance with the normal Company policy.5.
Reimbursement of Expenses.
The Company shall reimburse or cause the Employer to reimburse the Executive promptly, upon incurring such expenses, subject to presentation of adequate substantiation, including receipts, for the reasonable travel, entertainment, lodging and other business expenses incurred by the Executive, including, without limitation, those expenses incurred by the Executive and the Executive’s spouse in attending trade and professional association conventions, meetings and other related functions.
However, the Company reserves the right to review these expenses periodically and determine, in its sole discretion, whether future reimbursement of such expenses to the Executive will continue without prior approval by the Board of Directors of the Company or its designee of the expenses.
In no event will such reimbursements be made later than the last day of the year following the year in which the Executive incurs the reimbursable expense.
Such amount will be payable over the three (3) month period beginning the month following the month in which the Executive’s death occurred in accordance with the established payroll practices of the Company (not less frequently than monthly) for the period during which such payments are to be made.
(b) Compensation and Benefits.
During the Change of Control Employment Period, the Executive shall be entitled to the following based on the applicable compensation, plan or program paid or payable, or provided, to the Executive by the Company and its affiliated companies for the twelve (12) month period immediately preceding the Change of Control Date (the “Pre-Change in Control Period”):(i) an annual base salary at least equal to the base salary paid or payable to the Executive by the Company and its affiliated companies for the Pre-Change in Control Period, that is reviewed at least annually, that is increased at any time and from time to time as will be substantially consistent with increases in base salary generally awarded in the ordinary course of business to other peer executives of the Company and its affiliated companies, that subsequently will not be reduced after any such increase (the term “Annual Base Salary” as used in this Agreement refers to the Annual Base Salary as so increased);(ii) an annual incentive opportunity generally applicable to other peer executives of the Company and its affiliated companies;(iii) other incentive (including stock incentive) opportunities or awards generally applicable to other peer executives of the Company and its affiliated companies; and 8
(c) Possible Reduction in Payment and Benefits.
The order of reduction shall be first all cash payments on a pro rata basis, then any equity compensation or accelerated vesting on a pro rata basis, and lastly medical, dental and vision coverage.11.
The Accrued Obligations are the sum of: (A) the Executive’s Annual Base Salary through the Date of Termination at the rate in effect just prior to the time a Notice of Termination is given; (B) the amount, if any, of any incentive or bonus compensation theretofore earned which has not yet been paid; (C) the product of the Annual Bonus paid or payable, including by reason of deferral, for the most recently completed year and a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of days in the current year through the Date of Termination and the denominator of which is 365; and (D) any benefits or awards (including both the cash and stock components) which pursuant to the terms of any plans, policies or programs have been earned or become payable, but which have not yet been paid to the Executive (but not including amounts that previously had been deferred at the Executive’s request, which amounts will be paid in accordance with the Executive’s existing directions).
The Accrued Obligations will be paid to the Executive in a lump sum payment of cash or stock, as applicable, within thirty (30) days after the Date of Termination; provided, however, that if payment of any such Accrued Obligation at such time would result in a prohibited acceleration under Section 409A of the Code, such Accrued Obligation shall be paid at the time the Accrued Obligation would have been paid under the applicable plan, policy, program or arrangement relating to such Accrued Obligation had the Executive remained employed with the Company or the Employer.
(ii) Salary Continuance Benefit.
The Salary Continuance Benefit is an amount equal to the lesser of 2.00 or the balance of the Term (expressed in year(s) and/or a fractional part of a year, as applicable) times the Executive’s Final Compensation.
For purposes of this Agreement, “Final Compensation” means the Annual Base Salary in effect at the Date of Termination, plus the average Annual Bonus paid or payable for the two most recently completed years (both of which shall include any amount contributed therefrom by the Executive to a salary reduction agreement or any other program that provides for pre-tax salary reductions or compensation deferrals).
The Salary Continuance Benefit will be paid to the Executive in a lump sum cash payment within thirty (30) days following the Date of Termination;(iii) Health Care Continuance Benefit.
The following rules shall also apply:(A) If the Company cannot maintain such coverage for the Executive or the Executive’s spouse or dependents under the terms and provisions of such plans and programs (or where such continuation would adversely affect the tax status of the plan pursuant to which the coverage is provided), the Company shall either provide substantially identical benefits directly or through an insurance arrangement or shall pay the Executive cash equal to the estimated cost of the expected Company contribution therefor for thirty-six (36 months after the Date of Termination with such payments to be made in accordance with the established payroll practices of the Company (not less frequently than monthly) for employees generally for the period during which such cash payments are to be provided.
Fees and Expenses; Mitigation; Noncompetition.
(a) The Company will pay or reimburse the Executive for all costs and expenses, including, without limitation, court costs and reasonable attorneys’ fees, incurred by the Executive (i) in contesting or disputing any termination of the Executive’s employment or (ii) in seeking to obtain or enforce any right or benefit provided by this Agreement, in each case provided the Executive’s claim is substantially upheld by a court of competent jurisdiction.
If the Executive dies before receiving all payments due under this Agreement, unless expressly otherwise provided hereunder or in a separate plan, program, arrangement or agreement, any remaining payments due after the Executive’s death shall be made to the Executive’s beneficiary designated in 14
(d) Mandatory Payment Deferral to Specified Employee.
In the case of benefits that are subject to Section 409A of the Code, however, the Executive may pay the cost of benefit coverage, and thereby obtain benefits, during such six-month delay period and then be reimbursed by the Company thereafter when delayed payments are made pursuant to the next sentence.
On the first day after the end of the 409A Deferral Period, all payments delayed pursuant to this Section 25(d) (whether they would have otherwise been payable in a single sum or in installments in the absence of such delay) shall be paid or reimbursed to the Executive in a lump sum, and any remaining payments and benefits due under this Agreement shall be paid or provided in accordance with the normal payment dates specified for them herein.
(e) Reimbursements.
All reimbursements shall be reimbursed in accordance with the Company’s reimbursement policies but in no event later than the calendar year following the calendar year in which the related expense is incurred.
(f) Separate Payments.
If under this Agreement, an amount is to be paid in two or more installments, for purposes of Section 409A of the Code, each installment shall be treated as a separate payment.
(g) Payment Timing Rule.
When, if ever, a payment under this Agreement specifies a payment period with reference to a number of days (e.g., “payment shall be made within ten (10) days following the effective date of termination”), the actual date of payment within the specified period shall be within the sole discretion of the Company.
The Company, in its sole discretion, may utilize any payment rule to adjust the time of payment as is permitted 16
under the fixed, scheduled or other payment rules, as applicable, of Section 409A of the Code and the Treasury Regulations thereunder (such as making a payment up to thirty (30) days early, or making monthly payments in one or more payments during the month).
