For purposes of this Agreement, the “Applicable Time” is 5:15 p.m. (New York City time), August 7, 2012.
Purchase, Sale and Delivery of the Notes.
(b)                                 Payment of the purchase price for, and delivery of certificates for, the Notes shall be made at the office of Latham & Watkins LLP, 885 Third Avenue, New York, New York 10022 (“Underwriters’ Counsel”), or at such other place as shall be agreed upon by the Representative and the Company, at 9:30 a.m., New York City time, on August 10, 2012 (such time and date of payment and delivery being herein called the “Closing Date”).
The Global note will be made available for inspection by the Representative not later than 1:00 p.m., New York City time, on the business day prior to the Closing Date.
The Company will promptly deliver to each of the Underwriters such number of copies of any Preliminary Prospectus, the Prospectus, the Registration Statement, all amendments of and supplements to such documents, if any, all documents incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement and Issuer Free Writing Prospectuses, if any, and Prospectus or any amendment thereof or supplement thereto, as the Representative may reasonably request.
possible to do so prior to such time, as soon thereafter as practicable, on the business day next succeeding the date of this Agreement and from time to time thereafter the Company will furnish the Underwriter with an electronic copy of the Prospectus.
The Company will make generally available (within the meaning of Section 11(a) of the Securities Act) to its security holders and to the Underwriters as soon as practicable, but in any event not later than 45 days after the end of its fiscal quarter in which the first anniversary date of the date of the Prospectus occurs, an earning statement of the Company and its subsidiaries (which need not be audited) complying with the provisions of Rule 158 under the Securities Act covering a period of at least 12 consecutive months beginning after the effective date of the Registration Statement.
Whether or not required by the Rules and Regulations, so long as any Notes are outstanding and so long as the Indenture so requires, the Company (A) will furnish to the Underwriters at the Representative’s reasonable request copies of all reports or other communications (financial or other) furnished to security holders and (B) will deliver to the Underwriters (1) as soon as they are available, copies of any and all reports and financial statements furnished to or filed with the Commission or any national securities exchange on which any class of securities of the Company is listed or (2) if any class of securities of the Company is not listed on any national securities exchange, such additional information concerning the business and financial condition of the Company as the Representative may from time to time reasonably request (such financial statements to be on a consolidated basis to the extent the accounts of the Company and its subsidiaries are consolidated in reports furnished to its security holders generally or to the Commission), provided, in the case of each of clauses (A) and (B) above, a copy of such information is not already filed with the Commission pursuant to EDGAR.
At the Closing Date the Representative shall have received the written opinion and negative assurance of Sullivan & Worcester LLP, counsel for the Company, dated the Closing Date, addressed to the Underwriters in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Representative and Underwriters’ Counsel.
At the Closing Date the Representative shall have received the written opinion and negative assurance of Ernest W. Cloutier, Esq., General Counsel for the Company, dated the Closing Date, addressed to the
At the Closing Date, the Underwriters shall have received the written opinion and negative assurance letter of Latham & Watkins LLP, counsel for the Underwriters, dated the Closing Date, as to such matters as the Underwriters shall reasonably request.
The Underwriters shall have received a letter on and as of the date of this Agreement (the “Comfort Letter”), in form and substance satisfactory to the Representative, from Deloitte & Touche LLP, the independent registered public accounting firm of the Company, with respect to the financial statements and certain financial information contained or referred to in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus and a letter on and as of the Closing Date, in form and substance satisfactory to the Representative, from Deloitte & Touche LLP confirming the information contained in the Comfort Letter.
On or prior to the Closing Date, DTC shall have accepted the Notes for clearance.
The Company shall have furnished the Underwriters and Underwriters’ Counsel with such other certificates, opinions or other documents as they may have reasonably requested.
Notice of such cancellation shall be given to the Company in writing, or by telephone.
Any such telephone notice shall be confirmed promptly thereafter in writing.
(c)                                  Promptly after receipt by an indemnified party under subsection (a) or (b) above of notice of any claims or the commencement of any action, such indemnified party shall, if a claim in respect thereof is to be made against the indemnifying party under such subsection, notify each party against whom indemnification is to be sought in writing of the claim or the commencement thereof (but the failure so to notify an indemnifying party shall not relieve the indemnifying party from any liability which it may have under this Section 7).
Any such separate counsel for the QIU and such control persons of the QIU shall be designated in writing by the QIU.
Notices.
All communications hereunder, except as may be otherwise specifically provided herein, shall be in writing, and:
(a)           if sent to any Underwriter, shall be mailed, delivered, or faxed and confirmed in writing, to such Underwriter c/o Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC, 1585 Broadway, New York, New York, Attention: High Yield Syndicate Desk, with a copy to Latham & Watkins LLP, 885 Third Avenue, New York, New York  10022, Attention:  Robert A. Zuccaro, Esq.
(b)           if sent to the Company, shall be mailed, delivered, or faxed and confirmed in writing to the Company at the address set forth in the Shelf Registration Statement, Attention:  Ernest W. Cloutier, Esq., with a copy to Sullivan & Worcester LLP, One Post Office Square, Boston, Massachusetts,  02109, Attention:  William J. Curry, Esq.
(c)           if sent to a Connecticut Guarantor, shall be mailed, delivered or faxed and confirmed in writing to such Connecticut Guarantor, c/o US Bank National Association, One Federal Street, Third Floor, Boston, Massachusetts 02110, Attention: John G. Correia, Vice President, with copies to Gesmer Updegrove LLP, 40 Broad Street, Boston, Massachusetts 02109, Attention: Sean W. Gilligan, Esq.
; provided, however, that any notice to an Underwriter pursuant to Section 7 shall be delivered or sent by mail or facsimile transmission to such Underwriter at its address set forth in its acceptance facsimile to the Representative, if any, which address will be supplied to any other party hereto by the Representative upon request.
Delivery of a signed counterpart of this Agreement by facsimile transmission shall constitute valid and sufficient delivery thereof.
[signature page follows]
Issuer Free Writing Prospectus Included in the Pricing Disclosure Package
333-167837
Supplementing Preliminary Prospectus Supplement Dated August 7, 2012, and
Prospectus dated June 28, 2010
August 15, 2020 and thereafter
Settlement Date:
You may get these documents for free by visiting EDGAR on the SEC Web site at www.sec.gov.
Alternatively, the Issuer, any underwriter or any dealer participating in the offering will arrange to send you the preliminary prospectus supplement and the related prospectus if you request it by calling collect at (866) 718-1649.
