WHEREAS:
The Company and the Buyer are executing and delivering this Agreement in reliance upon the exemption from securities registration afforded by the rules and regulations as promulgated by the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “1933 Act”);
NOW THEREFORE, the Company and the Buyer severally (and not jointly) hereby agree as follows:
On each of the Closing Dates (as defined below), the Company shall issue and sell to the Buyer and the Buyer agrees to purchase from the Company such principal amount of Note as is set forth immediately below the Buyer’s name on the signature pages hereto.
The date and time of the first issuance and sale of the Note pursuant to this Agreement (the “Closing Date”) shall be on or about January 25, 2021, or such other mutually agreed upon time.
The closing of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement (the “Closing”) shall occur on the Closing Date at such location as may be agreed to by the parties.
Buyer’s Representations and Warranties.
The Buyer represents and warrants to the Company that: a.
Investment Purpose.
As of the date hereof, the Buyer is purchasing the Note and the shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of or otherwise pursuant to the Note, such shares of Common Stock being collectively referred to herein as the “Conversion Shares” and, collectively with the Note, the “Securities”) for its own account and not with a present view towards the public sale or distribution thereof, except pursuant to sales registered or exempted from registration under the 1933 Act; provided, however, that by making the representations herein, the Buyer does not agree to hold any of the Securities for any minimum or other specific term and reserves the right to dispose of the Securities at any time in accordance with or pursuant to a registration statement or an exemption under the 1933 Act.
Accredited Investor Status.
The Buyer is an “accredited investor” as that term is defined in Rule 501(a) of Regulation D (an “Accredited Investor”).
c. Reliance on Exemptions.
The Buyer understands that the Securities are being offered and sold to it in reliance upon specific exemptions from the registration requirements of United States federal and state securities laws and that the Company is relying upon the truth and accuracy of, and the Buyer’s compliance with, the representations, warranties, agreements, acknowledgments and understandings of the Buyer set forth herein in order to determine the availability of such exemptions and the eligibility of the Buyer to acquire the Securities.
The Buyer and its advisors, if any, have been, and for so long as the Note remain outstanding will continue to be, furnished with all materials relating to the business, finances and operations of the Company and materials relating to the offer and sale of the Securities which have been requested by the Buyer or its advisors.
The Buyer and its advisors, if any, have been, and for so long as the Note remain outstanding will continue to be, afforded the opportunity to ask questions of the Company.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company has not disclosed to the Buyer any material nonpublic information and will not disclose such information unless such information is disclosed to the public prior to or promptly following such disclosure to the Buyer.
Neither such inquiries nor any other due diligence investigation conducted by Buyer or any of its advisors or representatives shall modify, amend or affect Buyer’s right to rely on the Company’s representations and warranties contained in Section 3 below.
The Buyer understands that its investment in the Securities involves a significant degree of risk.
The Buyer is not aware of any facts that may constitute a breach of any of the Company’s representations and warranties made herein.
The Buyer understands that no United States federal or state agency or any other government or governmental agency has passed upon or made any recommendation or endorsement of the Securities.
Notwithstanding the foregoing or anything else contained herein to the contrary, the Securities may be pledged as collateral in connection with a bona fide margin account or other lending arrangement.
The Buyer understands that the Note and, until such time as the Conversion Shares have been registered under the 1933 Act may be sold pursuant to Rule 144 or Regulation S without any restriction as to the number of securities as of a particular date that can then be immediately sold, the Conversion Shares may bear a restrictive legend in substantially the following form (and a stop-transfer order may be placed against transfer of the certificates for such Securities): “NEITHER THE ISSUANCE AND SALE OF THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE NOR THE SECURITIES INTO WHICH THESE SECURITIES ARE EXERCISABLE HAVE BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS.
THE SECURITIES MAY NOT BE OFFERED FOR SALE, SOLD, TRANSFERRED OR ASSIGNED (I) IN THE ABSENCE OF (A) AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT FOR THE SECURITIES UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR (B) AN OPINION OF COUNSEL (WHICH COUNSEL SHALL BE SELECTED BY THE HOLDER), IN A GENERALLY ACCEPTABLE FORM, THAT REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED UNDER SAID ACT OR (II) UNLESS SOLD PURSUANT TO RULE 144 OR RULE 144A UNDER SAID ACT.
NOTWITHSTANDING THE FOREGOING, THE SECURITIES MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT OR OTHER LOAN OR FINANCING ARRANGEMENT SECURED BY THE SECURITIES.”
The legend set forth above shall be removed and the Company shall issue a certificate without such legend to the holder of any Security upon which it is stamped, if, unless otherwise required by applicable state securities laws, (a) such Security is registered for sale under an effective registration statement filed under the 1933 Act or otherwise may be sold pursuant to Rule 144 or Regulation S without any restriction as to the number of securities as of a particular date that can then be immediately sold, or (b) such holder provides the Company with an opinion of counsel, in form, substance and scope customary for opinions of counsel in comparable transactions, to the effect that a public sale or transfer of such Security may be made without registration under the 1933 Act, which opinion shall be accepted by the Company so that the sale or transfer is effected.
In the event that the Company does not accept the opinion of counsel provided by the Buyer with respect to the transfer of Securities pursuant to an exemption from registration, such as Rule 144 or Regulation S, within 2 business days, it will be considered an Event of Default under the Note.
This Agreement has been duly and validly authorized.
This Agreement has been duly executed and delivered on behalf of the Buyer, and this Agreement constitutes a valid and binding agreement of the Buyer enforceable in accordance with its terms.
The Buyer is a resident of the jurisdiction set forth immediately below the Buyer’s name on the signature pages hereto.
Representations and Warranties of the Company.
The Company represents and warrants to the Buyer that: a.
Organization and Qualification.
The Company and each of its subsidiaries, if any, is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction in which it is incorporated, with full power and authority (corporate and other) to own, lease, use and operate its properties and to carry on its business as and where now owned, leased, used, operated and conducted.
Authorization; Enforcement.
(i) The Company has all requisite corporate power and authority to enter into and perform this Agreement, the Note and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby and to issue the Securities, in accordance with the terms hereof and thereof, (ii) the execution and delivery of this Agreement, the Note by the Company and the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby (including without limitation, the issuance of the Note and the issuance and reservation for issuance of the Conversion Shares issuable upon conversion or exercise thereof) have been duly authorized by the Company’s Board of Directors and no further consent or authorization of the Company, its Board of Directors, or its shareholders is required, (iii) this Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by the Company by its authorized representative, and such authorized representative is the true and official representative with authority to sign this Agreement and the other documents executed in connection herewith and bind the Company accordingly, and (iv) this Agreement constitutes, and upon execution and delivery by the Company of the Note, each of such instruments will constitute, a legal, valid and binding obligation of the Company enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms.
The Conversion Shares are duly authorized and reserved for issuance and, upon conversion of the Note in accordance with its respective terms, will be validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable, and free from all taxes, liens, claims and encumbrances with respect to the issue thereof and shall not be subject to preemptive rights or other similar rights of shareholders of the Company and will not impose personal liability upon the holder thereof.
d. Acknowledgment of Dilution.
The Company understands and acknowledges the potentially dilutive effect to the Common Stock upon the issuance of the Conversion Shares upon conversion of the Note.
The Company further acknowledges that its obligation to issue Conversion Shares upon conversion of the Note in accordance with this Agreement, the Note is absolute and unconditional regardless of the dilutive effect that such issuance may have on the ownership interests of other shareholders of the Company.
e. No Conflicts.
The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement, the Note by the Company and the consummation by the Company of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby (including, without limitation, the issuance and reservation for issuance of the Conversion Shares) will not (i) conflict with or result in a violation of any provision of the Certificate of Incorporation or By-laws, or (ii) violate or conflict with, or result in a breach of any provision of, or constitute a default (or an event which with notice or lapse of time or both could become a default) under, or give to others any rights of termination, amendment, acceleration or cancellation of, any agreement, indenture, patent, patent license or instrument to which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is a party, or (iii) result in a violation of any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment or decree (including federal and state securities laws and regulations and regulations of any self-regulatory organizations to which the Company or its securities are subject) applicable to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or by which any property or asset of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is bound or affected (except for such conflicts, defaults, terminations, amendments, accelerations, cancellations and violations as would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect).
All consents, authorizations, orders, filings and registrations which the Company is required to obtain pursuant to the preceding sentence have been obtained or effected on or prior to the date hereof.
The Company is not in violation of the listing requirements of the OTC Markets Exchange (the “OTC MARKETS”) and does not reasonably anticipate that the Common Stock will be delisted by the OTC MARKETS in the foreseeable future, nor are the Company’s securities “chilled” by FINRA.
The Company and its Subsidiaries are unaware of any facts or circumstances which might give rise to any of the foregoing.
f. Absence of Litigation.
Except as disclosed in the Company’s public filings, there is no action, suit, claim, proceeding, inquiry or investigation before or by any court, public board, government agency, self-regulatory organization or body pending or, to the knowledge of the Company or any of its subsidiaries, threatened against or affecting the Company or any of its subsidiaries, or their officers or directors in their capacity as such, that could have a material adverse effect.
Schedule 3(f) contains a complete list and summary description of any pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened proceeding against or affecting the Company or any of its subsidiaries, without regard to whether it would have a material adverse effect.
The Company and its subsidiaries are unaware of any facts or circumstances which might give rise to any of the foregoing.
g. Acknowledgment Regarding Buyer’ Purchase of Securities.
The Company acknowledges and agrees that the Buyer is acting solely in the capacity of arm’s length purchasers with respect to this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby.
The Company further acknowledges that the Buyer is not acting as a financial advisor or fiduciary of the Company (or in any similar capacity) with respect to this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby and any statement made by the Buyer or any of its respective representatives or agents in connection with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby is not advice or a recommendation and is merely incidental to the Buyer’ purchase of the Securities.
The Company further represents to the Buyer that the Company’s decision to enter into this Agreement has been based solely on the independent evaluation of the Company and its representatives.
h. No Integrated Offering.
Neither the Company, nor any of its affiliates, nor any person acting on its or their behalf, has directly or indirectly made any offers or sales in any security or solicited any offers to buy any security under circumstances that would require registration under the 1933 Act of the issuance of the Securities to the Buyer.
The issuance of the Securities to the Buyer will not be integrated with any other issuance of the Company’s securities (past, current or future) for purposes of any shareholder approval provisions applicable to the Company or its securities.
Title to Property.
The Company and its subsidiaries have good and marketable title in fee simple to all real property and good and marketable title to all personal property owned by them which is material to the business of the Company and its subsidiaries, in each case free and clear of all liens, encumbrances and defects except such as are described in Schedule 3(i) or such as would not have a material adverse effect.
Any real property and facilities held under lease by the Company and its subsidiaries are held by them under valid, subsisting and enforceable leases with such exceptions as would not have a material adverse effect.
No officer or director of the Company would be disqualified under Rule 506(d) of the Securities Act as amended on the basis of being a “bad actor” as that term is established in the September 19, 2013 Small Entity Compliance Guide published by the Securities and Exchange Commission.
If the Company breaches any of the representations or warranties set forth in this Section 3, and in addition to any other remedies available to the Buyer pursuant to this Agreement, it will be considered an Event of default under the Note.
COVENANTS.
The Company shall promptly secure the listing of the Conversion Shares upon each national securities exchange or automated quotation system, if any, upon which shares of Common Stock are then listed (subject to official notice of issuance) and, so long as the Buyer owns any of the Securities, shall maintain, so long as any other shares of Common Stock shall be so listed, such listing of all Conversion Shares from time to time issuable upon conversion of the Note.
The Company will obtain and, so long as the Buyer owns any of the Securities, maintain the listing and trading of its Common Stock on the OTC MARKETS or any equivalent replacement exchange, the Nasdaq National Market (“Nasdaq”), the Nasdaq SmallCap Market (“Nasdaq SmallCap”) or the New York Stock Exchange (“NYSE”), and will comply in all respects with the Company’s reporting, filing and other obligations under the bylaws or rules of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (“FINRA”) and such exchanges, as applicable.
So long as the Buyer beneficially owns any Note, the Company shall maintain its corporate existence and shall not sell all or substantially all of the Company’s assets, except in the event of a merger or consolidation or sale of all or substantially all of the Company’s assets, where the surviving or successor entity in such transaction (i) assumes the Company’s obligations hereunder and under the agreements and instruments entered into in connection herewith and (ii) is a publicly traded corporation whose Common Stock is listed for trading on the OTC MARKETS, Nasdaq, Nasdaq SmallCap or NYSE.
The Company shall not make any offers or sales of any security (other than the Securities) under circumstances that would require registration of the Securities being offered or sold hereunder under the 1933 Act or cause the offering of the Securities to be integrated with any other offering of securities by the Company for the purpose of any stockholder approval provision applicable to the Company or its securities.
If the Company breaches any of the covenants set forth in this Section 4, and in addition to any other remedies available to the Buyer pursuant to this Agreement, it will be considered an event of default under the Note.
Governing Law; Miscellaneous.
Governing Law.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York without regard to principles of conflicts of laws.
Any action brought by either party against the other concerning the transactions contemplated by this Agreement shall be brought only in the state courts of New York or in the federal courts located in the state and county of New York.
The parties to this Agreement hereby irrevocably waive any objection to jurisdiction and venue of any action instituted hereunder and shall not assert any defense based on lack of jurisdiction or venue or based upon forum non conveniens.
The Company and Buyer waive trial by jury.
The prevailing party shall be entitled to recover from the other party its reasonable attorney’s fees and costs.
In the event that any provision of this Agreement or any other agreement delivered in connection herewith is invalid or unenforceable under any applicable statute or rule of law, then such provision shall be deemed inoperative to the extent that it may conflict therewith and shall be deemed modified to conform with such statute or rule of law.
Any such provision which may prove invalid or unenforceable under any law shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision of any agreement.
Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any other manner permitted by law.
b. shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any other manner permitted by law.
This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original but all of which shall constitute one and the same agreement and shall become effective when counterparts have been signed by each party and delivered to the other party.
The headings of this Agreement are for convenience of reference only and shall not form part of, or affect the interpretation of, this Agreement.
In the event that any provision of this Agreement is invalid or unenforceable under any applicable statute or rule of law, then such provision shall be deemed inoperative to the extent that it may conflict therewith and shall be deemed modified to conform with such statute or rule of law.
Any provision hereof which may prove invalid or unenforceable under any law shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision hereof.
This Agreement and the instruments referenced herein contain the entire understanding of the parties with respect to the matters covered herein and therein and, except as specifically set forth herein or therein, neither the Company nor the Buyer makes any representation, warranty, covenant or undertaking with respect to such matters.
No provision of this Agreement may be waived or amended other than by an instrument in writing signed by the majority in interest of the Buyer.
This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties and their successors and assigns.
Neither the Company nor the Buyer shall assign this Agreement or any rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of the other.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Buyer may assign its rights hereunder to any person that purchases Securities in a private transaction from the Buyer or to any of its “affiliates,” as that term is defined under the 1934 Act, without the consent of the Company.
Third Party Beneficiaries.
This Agreement is intended for the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective permitted successors and assigns, and is not for the benefit of, nor may any provision hereof be enforced by, any other person.
The representations and warranties of the Company and the agreements and covenants set forth in this Agreement shall survive the closing hereunder notwithstanding any due diligence investigation conducted by or on behalf of the Buyer.
The Company agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the Buyer and all their officers, directors, employees and agents for loss or damage arising as a result of or related to any breach or alleged breach by the Company of any of its representations, warranties and covenants set forth in this Agreement or any of its covenants and obligations under this Agreement, including advancement of expenses as they are incurred.
l. No Strict Construction.
The language used in this Agreement will be deemed to be the language chosen by the parties to express their mutual intent, and no rules of strict construction will be applied against any party.
The Company acknowledges that a breach by it of its obligations hereunder will cause irreparable harm to the Buyer by vitiating the intent and purpose of the transaction contemplated hereby.
Accordingly, the Company acknowledges that the remedy at law for a breach of its obligations under this Agreement will be inadequate and agrees, in the event of a breach or threatened breach by the Company of the provisions of this Agreement, that the Buyer shall be entitled, in addition to all other available remedies at law or in equity, and in addition to the penalties assessable herein, to an injunction or injunctions restraining, preventing or curing any breach of this Agreement and to enforce specifically the terms and provisions hereof, without the necessity of showing economic loss and without any bond or other security being required.
[signature page to follow]
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned Buyer and the Company have caused this Agreement to be duly executed as of the date first above written.
 This Note is subject to the following additional provisions: 1.
This Note is exchangeable for an equal aggregate principal amount of Notes of different authorized denominations, as requested by the Holder surrendering the same.
No service charge will be made for such registration or transfer or exchange, except that Holder shall pay any tax or other governmental charges payable in connection therewith.
Initials
The Company shall be entitled to withhold from all payments any amounts required to be withheld under applicable laws.
This Note may be transferred or exchanged only in compliance with the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (“Act”) and applicable state securities laws.
Any attempted transfer to a non-qualifying party shall be treated by the Company as void.
Prior to due presentment for transfer of this Note, the Company and any agent of the Company may treat the person in whose name this Note is duly registered on the Company’s records as the owner hereof for all other purposes, whether or not this Note be overdue, and neither the Company nor any such agent shall be affected or bound by notice to the contrary.
No fractional shares or scrip representing fractions of shares will be issued on conversion, but the number of shares issuable shall be rounded to the nearest whole share.
The Company agrees to honor all conversions submitted pending this increase.
In no event shall the Holder be allowed to effect a conversion if such conversion, along with all other shares of Company Common Stock beneficially owned by the Holder and its affiliates would exceed 4.99% of the outstanding shares of the Common Stock of the Company (which may be increased up to 9.9% upon 60 days’ prior written notice by the Holder).
Initials
The dollar amount converted into Interest Shares shall be all or a portion of the accrued interest calculated on the unpaid principal balance of this Note to the date of such notice.
(c) The Notes may be prepaid or assigned with the following penalties/premiums:  This Note may not be prepaid after the 180th day.
Such redemption must be closed and funded within 3 days of giving notice of redemption of the right to redeem shall be null and void.
The foregoing provisions shall similarly apply to successive Sale Events.
If the consideration received by the holders of Common Stock is other than cash, the value shall be as determined by the Board of Directors of the Company or successor person or entity acting in good faith.
Initials
No provision of this Note shall alter or impair the obligation of the Company, which is absolute and unconditional, to pay the principal of, and interest on, this Note at the time, place, and rate, and in the form, herein prescribed.
(m) The Company shall not be “current” in its filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission; or (n) The Company shall lose the “bid” price for its stock and a market (including the OTC marketplace or other exchange) Then, or at any time thereafter, unless cured within 5 days, and in each and every such case, unless such Event of Default shall have been waived in writing by the Holder (which waiver shall not be deemed to be a waiver of any subsequent default) at the option of the Holder and in the Holder’s sole discretion, the Holder may consider this Note immediately due and payable, without presentment, demand, protest or (further) notice of any kind (other than notice of acceleration), all of which are hereby expressly waived, anything herein or in any note or other instruments contained to the contrary notwithstanding, and the Holder may immediately, and without expiration of any period of grace, enforce any and all of the Holder’s rights and remedies provided herein or any other rights or remedies afforded by law.
Initials
 If the Holder shall commence an action or proceeding to enforce any provisions of this Note, including, without limitation, engaging an attorney, then if the Holder prevails in such action, the Holder shall be reimbursed by the Company for its attorneys’ fees and other costs and expenses incurred in the investigation, preparation and prosecution of such action or proceeding.
In case any provision of this Note is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be excessive in scope or otherwise invalid or unenforceable, such provision shall be adjusted rather than voided, if possible, so that it is enforceable to the maximum extent possible, and the validity and enforceability of the remaining provisions of this Note will not in any way be affected or impaired thereby.
The Company represents that it is not a “shell” issuer and has never been a “shell” issuer or that if it previously has been a “shell” issuer that at least 12 months have passed since the Company has reported form 10 type information indicating it is no longer a “shell issuer.
The Company will instruct its counsel to either (i) write a 144 opinion to allow for salability of the conversion shares or (ii) accept such opinion from Holder’s counsel.
Initials
The company should at all times reserve a minimum of four times the amount of shares required if the note would be fully converted.
If it shall be found that any interest or other amount deemed interest due hereunder violates the applicable law governing usury, the applicable provision shall automatically be revised to equal the maximum rate of interest or other amount deemed interest permitted under applicable law.
The Company covenants (to the extent that it may lawfully do so) that it will not seek to claim or take advantage of any law that would prohibit or forgive the Company from paying all or a portion of the principal or interest on this Note.
This Note shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of New York applicable to contracts made and wholly to be performed within the State of New York and shall be binding upon the successors and assigns of each party hereto.
The Holder and the Company hereby mutually waive trial by jury and consent to exclusive jurisdiction and venue in the courts of the State of New York or in the Federal courts sitting in the county or city of New York, or the Federal courts within the districts of New York.
This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, and the facsimile transmission of an executed counterpart to this Agreement shall be effective as an original.
Initials
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Note to be duly executed by an officer thereunto duly authorized.
Initials
If Shares are to be issued in the name of a person other than the undersigned, the undersigned will pay all transfer and other taxes and charges payable with respect thereto.
Initials
