Certain capitalized terms used herein are defined in Section 25.
WHEREAS, the Company desires to employ the Executive, and the Executive desires to be employed by the Company effective as of the Effective Date (as defined below);
WHEREAS, the Company and the Executive desire to set forth in this Agreement the terms and conditions of Executive’s employment with the Company; and
NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and of the mutual covenants herein contained, it is agreed as follows:
Effective as of the Effective Date, the Company hereby agrees to employ the Executive, and the Executive hereby agrees to be employed by the Company, upon the terms and conditions set forth herein.
The employment relationship between the Company and the Executive shall be governed by the general employment policies and practices of the Company, including, without limitation, those relating to the Company’s Code of Professional Conduct, the treatment of confidential information and avoidance of conflicts; provided, however, that when the terms of this Agreement differ from or are in conflict with the Company’s general employment policies or practices, the terms of this Agreement shall control.
The Executive shall serve as an officer and/or an employee of any Subsidiary, as may be requested from time to time by the Reporting Person (as such term is defined in Section 3(a) below) consistent with his positions with the Company, and without any additional compensation, unless otherwise determined by the Reporting Person.
In addition, the Executive’s service as an officer and/or an employee of any Subsidiary will be encompassed within any reference made in this Agreement to employment by the Company.
If the Executive serves as an officer and/or an employee of any Subsidiary, any payment or provision of benefits to the Executive by such Subsidiary consistent with this Agreement (except for any right to receive equity in the Company) shall fulfill the Company’s obligation to make such payment or provide such benefits pursuant to the terms of this Agreement.
For purposes of this Agreement, the Initial Employment Term and any Renewal Term shall collectively be referred to as the “Employment Term.”
Positions and Duties of the Executive.
The Executive shall have such duties, responsibilities and authority commensurate with the Executive’s positions and such related duties and responsibilities, as from time to time may be assigned to the Executive by the Reporting Person consistent with the Executive’s positions with the Company.
In addition, the Executive will be subject to, and will act in substantial accordance with, all reasonable lawful instructions and directions of the Reporting Person and all applicable reasonable policies and rules of the Company as are consistent with the above positions, duties, responsibilities and authority.
During the Employment Term, the Executive shall perform his duties in the Dallas/Ft.
Worth area, Texas.
(b) During the Employment Term, the Executive shall, except as may from time to time be otherwise agreed in writing by the Company and during vacations (as set forth in Section 7 hereof) and authorized leave, devote substantially all of his normal business working time and his best efforts and energies to the business of the Company, the performance of the Executive’s duties hereunder and such other related duties and responsibilities as may from time to time be reasonably prescribed by the Reporting Person in accordance herewith.
(c) During the Employment Term and provided that such activities do not either (i) contravene the provisions of Section 3(a), 3(b), 11 or 12 hereof or (ii) materially interfere with the performance of the Executive’s duties hereunder, the Executive may continue to serve as a member of the governing board of the governmental, educational, charitable, other community affairs organizations or any other outside activity explicitly agreed to by the Board and set forth on Exhibit A attached hereto, engage in charitable activities and community affairs and manage his personal and family investments.
The Board (or any authorized committee thereof) shall have the authority to establish performance metrics and such other terms and conditions of the annual management incentive program pursuant to which such bonuses may be earned.
During the Employment Term, the Executive will be entitled to participate in the Company’s MOP and any other incentive, equity-based and deferred compensation plans and programs or arrangements as may be determined by the Board or any successor programs or plans thereto or thereunder, in each case, as may be in effect from time to time for similarly situated executives and as may be determined by the Board.
Shares acquired on exercise of any stock option or the granting of Restricted Shares will be subject to the terms and conditions of the Stockholders’ Agreement.
The Executive shall not be eligible to participate in the Company’s welfare benefit plans until the first month following the Executive’s 90th day of employment with the Company.
The Executive shall be entitled to four (4) weeks of vacation per year in accordance with the Company’s policies, whether written or unwritten, regarding vacation for similarly situated executives of the Company and its Subsidiaries generally.
Subject to the Company’s policies, the duration of such vacations and the time or times when they shall be taken will be determined by the Executive in consultation with the Company.
To the extent not previously vested, cancelled or expired, the Executive will vest in any grant of Option Rights and/or Restricted Shares in accordance with their terms, and, to the extent applicable, such outstanding Option Rights shall remain exercisable to the extent provided by their terms.
(e) Any payments under this Section 9 to the Executive shall not be taken into account for purposes of any retirement plan (including any supplemental retirement plan or arrangement) or other benefit plan sponsored by the Company, except as otherwise expressly required by such plans or applicable law.
(g) No Obligation to Mitigate.
If the reduction of the amount payable under this Agreement would not result in a reduction of the Parachute Value of all Payments to the Safe Harbor Amount, no amounts payable under the Agreement shall be reduced pursuant to this Section 10(a).
(b) Subject to the provisions of Section 10(c), all determinations required to be made under this Section 10, including whether and when a Gross-Up Payment is required, the amount of such Gross-Up Payment and the assumptions to be utilized in arriving at such determination, shall be made by a nationally recognized certified public accounting firm as may be designated by the Company (the “Accounting Firm”).
All fees and expenses of the Accounting Firm shall be borne solely by the Company.
Any determination by the Accounting Firm shall be binding upon the Company and the Executive (absent manifest error).
In the event the Company exhausts its remedies pursuant to Section 10(c) (or decides not to contest a claim) and the Executive thereafter is required to make a payment of any Excise Tax, the Accounting Firm shall determine the amount of the Underpayment that has occurred and any such Underpayment shall be promptly paid by the Company to or for the benefit of the Executive.
The Executive shall apprise the Company of the nature of such claim and the date on which such claim is requested to be paid.
Without limitation on the foregoing provisions of this Section 10(c), the Company shall control all proceedings taken in connection with such contest, and, at its sole discretion, may pursue or forgo any and all administrative appeals, proceedings, hearings and conferences with the applicable taxing authority in respect of such claim and may, at its sole discretion, either pay the tax claimed to the appropriate taxing authority on behalf of the Executive and direct the Executive to sue for a refund or contest the claim in any permissible manner, and the Executive agrees to prosecute such contest to a determination before any administrative tribunal, in a court of initial jurisdiction and in one or more appellate courts, as the Company shall determine; provided, however, that, if the Company pays such claim and directs the Executive to sue for a refund, the Company shall indemnify and hold the Executive harmless, on an after-tax basis, from any Excise Tax or income tax (including interest or penalties) imposed with respect to such payment or with respect to any imputed income in connection with such payment; and provided, further, that any extension of the statute of limitations relating to payment of taxes for the taxable year of the Executive with respect to which such contested amount is claimed to be due is limited solely to such contested amount.
Furthermore, the Company’s control of the contest shall be limited to issues with respect to which the Gross-Up Payment would be payable hereunder, and the Executive shall be entitled to settle or contest, as the case may be, any other issue raised by the Internal Revenue Service or any other taxing authority.
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Section 10, the Company may, in its sole discretion, withhold and pay over to the Internal Revenue Service or any other applicable taxing authority, for the benefit of the Executive, all or any portion of any Gross-Up Payment, and the Executive hereby consents to such withholding.
(f) Definitions.
The following terms shall have the following meanings for purposes of this Section 10.“Excise Tax” shall mean the excise tax imposed by Section 4999 of the Code or other similar tax (other than Section 409A of the Code) which may hereafter be imposed, together with any interest or penalties imposed with respect to such excise tax.“Parachute Value” of a Payment shall mean the present value as of the date of the change of control for purposes of Section 280G of the Code of the portion of such Payment that constitutes a “parachute payment” under Section 280G(b)(2), as determined by the Accounting Firm for purposes of determining whether and to what extent the Excise Tax will apply to such Payment.
Confidentiality.
(a) The Executive acknowledges that in the course of his employment by the Company, he will or may have access to and become informed of confidential or proprietary information of the Company and its Subsidiaries (“Confidential Information”), which is a competitive asset, including, without limitation, (i) the terms of any agreement between the Company and any employee, customer or supplier, (ii) pricing strategy, (iii) merchandising and marketing methods, (iv) product development ideas and strategies, (v) personnel training and development programs, (vi) financial results, (vii) strategic plans and demographic analyses, (viii) proprietary computer and systems software, and (ix) any non-public information concerning the Company, its employees, suppliers or customers.
The Executive agrees that he will keep all Confidential Information in strict confidence during the term of his employment by the Company and thereafter, and will never directly or indirectly make known, divulge, reveal, furnish, make available, or use any Confidential Information (except in the course of his regular authorized duties on behalf of the Company).
The Executive agrees that the obligations of confidentiality under this Section 11 shall survive termination of the Executive’s employment with the Company regardless of any actual or alleged breach by the Company of this Agreement, until and unless any such Confidential Information shall have become, through no fault of the Executive, generally known to the public, or the Executive is required by lawful service of process, subpoena, court order, law or the rules or regulations of any regulatory body to which he is subject to make disclosure (after providing to the Company a copy of the documents seeking disclosure of such information and giving the Company prompt notice upon receipt of such documents and prior to their disclosure).
The Executive’s obligations under this Section 11 are in addition to, and not in limitation of or preemption of, all other obligations of confidentiality which the Executive may have to the Company under general legal or equitable principles.
(b) Except in the ordinary course of the Company’s business, the Executive shall not at any time following the date of this Agreement, make or cause to be made, any copies, pictures, duplicates, facsimiles or other reproductions or recordings or any abstracts or summaries including or reflecting Confidential Information.
All such documents and other property furnished to the Executive by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or affiliates or otherwise acquired or developed by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or affiliates shall at all times be the property of the Company.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Executive shall be permitted to retain his personal papers (provided that such papers do not contain any Confidential Information related to the Company), any information relating to his compensation, other entitlements or obligations, any information he reasonably believes is necessary for tax purposes and his personal rolodex.
(c) Without the prior written consent of the Company (which may be withheld for any reason or no reason), except in the ordinary course of the Company’s business, the Executive shall not at any time following the date of this Agreement use for the benefit or purposes of the Executive or for the benefit or purposes of any other person, firm, partnership, association, trust, venture, corporation or business organization, entity or enterprise or disclose in any manner to any person, firm, partnership, association, trust, venture, corporation or business organization, entity or enterprise any Confidential Information.12.
Covenant Not to Compete; Covenant Not to Solicit.
For a period commencing on the Effective Date and for a period ending one (1) year after the termination of the Executive’s employment with the Company for any reason or no reason, including termination for Cause or the Executive’s voluntary resignation without Good Reason, the Executive acknowledges and agrees that he will not, directly or indirectly, individually or on behalf of any other person or entity:(a) engage in any business that directly competes with the business in which the Company or any of the Company’s Subsidiaries or affiliates (collectively, the “Company Group”) is engaged (or had taken substantial steps to engage in) at the time of the breach or the date of termination of employment, whichever is earlier (provided that the Executive shall be permitted to provide services (i) to a division, business line, subsidiary or affiliate of a commercial enterprise with multiple divisions or business lines if such division, business line, subsidiary or affiliate is not competitive with the business of the Company Group, provided that the Executive performs services solely for such non-competitive division, business line, subsidiary or affiliate, and performs no functions on behalf of (and has no involvement with or direct or indirect responsibilities with respect to) businesses competitive with the businesses of the Company Group, with competitiveness determined in accordance with this clause (a) or (ii) to a private equity firm that holds investments in entities engaged in such competitive activities if the Executive is not involved, directly or indirectly, in (1) the management, operations or supervision of such investments or (2) advising any such firm with respect to such investments); or(b) solicit for hire, hire or employ (whether as an officer, director or insurance agent) any person who is an employee or independent contractor of any member of the Company Group or has been an employee or independent contractor of any member of the Company Group at any time during the six-month period prior to the Executive’s termination of employment or solicit, aid or induce any such person to leave his or her employment with any member of the Company Group to accept employment with any other person or entity.
(c) Executive’s ownership of less than one percent (1%) of any class of stock in a publicly-traded corporation shall not be deemed a breach of this Section 12.
(e) The Executive acknowledges and agrees that a violation of the foregoing provisions of Section 11 or Section 12 would result in material detriment to the Company, would cause irreparable harm to the Company, and that the Company’s remedy at law for any such violation would be inadequate.
In recognition of the foregoing, the Executive agrees that, in addition to any other relief afforded by law or this Agreement, including damages sustained by a breach of this Agreement and without the necessity or proof of actual damages, the Company shall have the right to enforce this Agreement by specific remedies, which shall include, among other things, temporary and permanent injunctions, it being the understanding of the undersigned parties hereto that damages and injunctions all shall be proper modes of relief and are not to be considered as alternative remedies.
(f) Except as otherwise set forth in this Section 12, there shall be no other restrictions on the Executive’s rights to compete, solicit or hire following the Executive’s termination of employment other than those under applicable law.13.
Representations and Warranties.
The Executive hereby represents and warrants to the Company that the Executive is not party to, or otherwise subject to, any covenant not to compete with any person or entity other than as explicitly disclosed to the Company prior to the Effective Date.
The Company hereby represents and warrants to the Executive that there are enough shares to fulfill the Company’s obligations with respect to the Initial Grants and that all corporate action necessary to enable the Company to enter into this Agreement has been taken.14.
Compliance with Section 409A of the Code.
(a) The Agreement is intended to comply with the requirements of Section 409A of the Code or an exemption.
Notwithstanding anything in the Agreement to the contrary, distributions upon termination of employment may only be made upon a “separation from service” as determined under Section 409A.
In no event may the Executive, directly or indirectly, designate the calendar year of any payment to be made under this Agreement.
In the event the parties determine that the terms of this Agreement do not comply with Section 409A, they will negotiate reasonably and in good faith to amend the terms of this Agreement such that it complies (in a manner that attempts to minimize the economic impact of such amendment on the Executive and the Company) within the time period permitted by the applicable Department of Treasury Regulations.
As of the date of this Agreement, this Agreement shall be binding on the parties hereto and supersedes any and all prior and/or contemporaneous agreements, either oral or in writing, between the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof.
Each party to this Agreement acknowledges that no representations, inducements, promises, or other agreements, orally or otherwise, have been made by any party, or anyone acting on behalf of any party, pertaining to the subject matter hereof, which are not embodied herein, and that no prior and/or contemporaneous agreement, statement or promise pertaining to the subject matter hereof that is not contained in this Agreement shall be valid or binding on either party.16.
Withholding of Taxes.
The Company may withhold from any amounts payable or transfer made under any compensation or other amount owing to the Executive under this Agreement all applicable federal, state, city or other withholding taxes as the Company is required to withhold pursuant to any law or government regulation or ruling.
In addition, in the event that the Shares are not listed for trading on an established securities exchange on the date that an applicable portion of any Restricted Share grant vests and is settled, then (i) the Company shall, at the request of the Executive, deduct or withhold Shares having a Fair Market Value equal to the minimum amount required to be withheld to satisfy any federal, state, local and foreign taxes of any kind (including, but not limited to, the Executive’s FICA and SDI obligations) which the Company, in its sole discretion, deems necessary to comply with the Code and/or any other applicable law, rule or regulation with respect to such portion of the Restricted Share grant and remit the cash value of such Shares to the appropriate tax authorities and (ii) notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Stockholders Agreement, the Executive shall be permitted to sell such number of Shares to the Company having a Fair Market Value (determined at the time of sale) equal to the additional taxes due from the Executive on the vesting or delivery, as applicable, of such Shares (after taking into account the withholding in clause (i)).17.
Successors and Binding Agreement.
This Agreement will be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the Company and any successor to the Company, including without limitation any persons acquiring directly or indirectly all or substantially all of the business or assets of the Company whether by purchase, merger, consolidation, reorganization or otherwise (and such successor shall thereafter be deemed the “Company” for the purposes of this Agreement except as otherwise provided in Section 12(d)), but will not otherwise be assignable, transferable or delegable by the Company.
(b) This Agreement will inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by the Executive’s personal or legal representatives, executors, administrators, successors, heirs, distributees and legatees.
(c) This Agreement is personal in nature and neither of the parties hereto shall, without the consent of the other, assign, transfer or delegate this Agreement or any rights or obligations hereunder except as expressly provided in Sections 17(a) and 17(b).
Without limiting the generality or effect of the foregoing, the Executive’s right to receive payments hereunder will not be assignable, transferable or delegable, whether by pledge, creation of a security interest, or otherwise, other than by a transfer by the Executive’s will or by the laws of descent and distribution and, in the event of any attempted assignment or transfer contrary to this Section 17(c), the Company shall have no liability to pay any amount so attempted to be assigned, transferred or delegated.
Governing Law.
The validity, interpretation, construction and performance of this Agreement will be governed by and construed in accordance with the substantive laws of the State of Delaware, without giving effect to the principles of conflict of laws of such State.20.
Indemnification.
The Company will indemnify the Executive (and his legal representative or other successors) to the fullest extent permitted (including a payment of expenses in advance of final disposition of a proceeding) by the Company’s certificate of incorporation or by-laws, or if greater, by applicable law, and the Executive shall be entitled to the protection of any insurance policies the Company may elect to maintain generally for the benefit of its directors and officers, against all costs, charges and expenses whatsoever incurred or sustained by him or his legal representatives (including but not limited to any judgment entered by a court of law) at the time such costs, charges and expenses are incurred or sustained, in connection with any action, suit or proceeding to which the Executive (or his legal representatives or other successors) may be made a party by reason of his having accepted employment with the Company or by reason of his being or having been a director, officer or employee of the Company, or any Subsidiary of the Company, or his serving or having served any other enterprise as a director, officer or employee at the request of the Company, and to the extent the Company maintains such an insurance policy or policies, the Executive shall be covered by such policy or policies, in accordance with its or their terms to the maximum extent of the coverage available for any Company officer or director.
The Executive’s rights under this Section 20 shall continue without time limit for so long as he may be subject to any such liability, whether or not the Employment Term may have ended.
As soon as practicable following the Effective Date, the Company agrees to enter into with the Executive the standard indemnification agreement for members of the Board, if any.
If any provision of this Agreement or the application of any provision hereof to any person or circumstances is held invalid or unenforceable, the remainder of this Agreement and the application of such provision to any other person or circumstances will not be affected, and the provision so held to be invalid or unenforceable will be reformed to the extent (and only to the extent) necessary to make it enforceable or valid.22.
Survival of Provisions.
Arbitration of Disputes.
Each party hereto shall select one arbitrator, and the two so designated shall select a third arbitrator.
If either party shall fail to designate an arbitrator within 15 calendar days after arbitration is requested, or if the two arbitrators shall fail to select a third arbitrator within 30 calendar days after arbitration is requested, then such arbitrator shall be selected by the American Arbitration Association, or any successor thereto, upon application of either party.
The arbitration shall be instead of any civil litigation; this means that the Executive and the Company are each waiving any rights to a jury trial.
(b) Except as provided in Section 12 of this Agreement, arbitration under this provision shall be the sole and exclusive forum and remedy for resolution of controversies, disputes and claims of any kind or nature, whether or not presently known or anticipated, including any purported controversies, disputes or claims not arising under contract, between the parties to this Agreement, and no recourse shall be had to any other judicial or other forum for any such resolution.
The award of the arbitrators may grant any relief that a court of general jurisdiction has authority to grant, including, without limitation, an award of damages and/or injunctive relief.
All costs and expenses of arbitration shall be borne by the Company.
Any award of the majority of arbitrators shall be binding and not subject to judicial appeal or review of the award, including without limitation any proceedings under sections 8 and 9 of the Federal Arbitration Act, 9 U.S.C.
§ 1 et seq., or any comparable provision for review of an arbitral award under any comparable statute or law of any jurisdiction, all rights to which are hereby expressly waived by the parties.
The Executive and the Company knowingly and voluntarily agree to this arbitration provision.
Subject to the preceding sentence, the United States District Court for the District of Texas and the courts of the State of Texas shall have sole and exclusive jurisdiction solely for the purpose of entering judgment upon any award by the majority of arbitrators.
(c) Nothing herein shall bar the right of either party to this Agreement to seek and obtain injunctive relief from a court of competent jurisdiction in accordance with Section 12 above.24.
No provision of this Agreement may be modified, waived or discharged unless such waiver, modification or discharge is agreed to in writing signed by the Executive and the Company.
No waiver by either party hereto at any time of any breach by the other party hereto or compliance with any condition or provision of this Agreement to be performed by such other party will be deemed a waiver of similar or dissimilar provisions or conditions at the same or at any prior or subsequent time.
Unless otherwise noted, references to “Sections” are to sections of this Agreement.
The captions used in this Agreement are designed for convenient reference only and are not to be used for the purpose of interpreting any provision of this Agreement.
For the avoidance of doubt, any reference to an “affiliate” of the Company or any Subsidiary shall not include any investor in the Company or any entity in which such investor owns or holds an equity position (other than the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company).25.
Defined Terms.
(a) “401(k) Plan” means the HealthMarkets 401(k) and Savings Plan.
(b) “Accounting Firm” has the meaning specified in Section 10(b).
(c) “Agreement” has the meaning specified in the introductory paragraph herein.
(e) “Board” means the Board of Directors of the Company.
(g) “Change of Control” has the meaning specified in the MOP.
(h) “Code” means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.
(i) “Committee” means the Executive Compensation Committee of the Board.
(j) “Company” has the meaning specified in the introductory paragraph of this Agreement.
(k) “Company Group” has the meaning specified in Section 12(a).
(l) “Confidential Information” has the meaning specified in Section 11(a).
(o) “Employment Term” has the meaning specified in Section 2.
(p) “Executive” has the meaning specified in the introductory paragraph of this Agreement.
(q) “Fair Market Value” shall mean the value determined from time to time (but no less frequently than quarterly) by the Board in good faith and shall in any event be determined consistently with how “fair market value” is determined with respect to Shares of the Company held by existing shareholders, including members of the Board, and how the exercise price for the Initial Grant was determined (it being understood that no discount shall be taken due to lack of marketability).
In determining Fair Market Value, the Board will consider (among other factors it deems appropriate) the valuation prepared by Blackstone in the ordinary course of business for reporting to its advisory board and investors, which Blackstone will provide to the Board.
(t) “HealthMarkets” has the meaning specified in the introductory paragraph of this Agreement.
(u) “HealthMarkets Affiliates” has the meaning specified in paragraph 1 of Exhibit D attached hereto.
(w) “Initial Grants” has the meaning specified in Section 4(c)(ii).
(y) “IPO” has the meaning specified in the Stockholders Agreement.
(z) “Limit” has the meaning specified in Section 9(f).
(aa) “MOP” means the Company’s 2006 Management Option Plan, as may be amended from time to time.
(bb) “Option Rights” has the meaning specified in the MOP.
(dd) “Pro-Rata Bonus” has the meaning specified in Section 9(b).
(ff) “Reporting Person” has the meaning specified in Section 3(a).
(gg) “Restricted Shares” shall mean a grant of restricted stock consisting of shares of A-1 common stock of the Company.
(hh) “Restrictive Covenants” has the meaning specified in Section 9.
(jj) “Shares” shall mean shares of A-1 common stock of the Company.
(mm) “Subsidiary” shall mean any entity, corporation, partnership (general or limited), limited liability company, firm, business organization, enterprise, association or joint venture in which the Company directly or indirectly controls ten percent (10%) or more of the voting interest; provided that, for the purposes of Sections 1, 12, and 25(f)(iv) of this Agreement, a Subsidiary shall mean any entity, corporation, partnership (general or limited), limited liability company, firm, business organization, enterprise, association or joint venture (i) in which the Company directly or indirectly controls forty percent (40%) or more of the voting interest or (ii) in which, the value of the Company’s ownership interest, as determined in the reasonable good faith estimation of the Board, represents more than 10% of the total value of the Company.
(nn) “Successor” has the meaning specified in Section 17(a).
(oo) “Target Bonus Percentage” has the meaning specified in Section 4(b).
(rr) “Welfare Benefits” has the meaning specified in Section 9(d).26.
Counterparts.
This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original but all of which together will constitute one and the same agreement.
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, with the Company signatory listed below having been duly authorized by the Company to enter into this Agreement by the Company, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of the day and year first written.
Exhibit AOutside Activities:NONE
Exhibit BForm of Option Agreement
Exhibit CForm of Restricted Share Agreement
Exhibit DForm of ReleaseIn consideration of the payments and promises contained in your Employment Agreement with HealthMarkets, Inc. (the “Company”) dated November 1, 2012, and in full compromise and settlement of any of your potential claims and causes of action relating to or arising out of your employment relationship with the Company or the termination of that relationship, and any and all other claims or causes of action that you have or may have against the HealthMarkets Affiliates (as defined below) up to the date of execution of this release (the “Release”), you hereby:1. knowingly and voluntarily agree to irrevocably and unconditionally waive and release the Company and any other entity controlled by, controlling or under common control with the Company, and their respective predecessors and successors and their respective directors, officers, employees, representatives, attorneys, including all persons acting by, through, under or in concert with any of them (collectively, the “HealthMarkets Affiliates”), from any and all charges, complaints, claims, liabilities, obligations, promises, sums of money, agreements, controversies, damages, actions, lawsuits, rights, demands, sanctions, costs (including attorneys’ fees), losses, debts and expenses of any nature whatsoever, existing on, or at any time prior to, the date hereof in law, in equity or otherwise, which you, your successors, heirs or assigns had or have upon or by reason of any fact, matter, cause, or thing whatsoever, and specifically including any matter that may be based on the sole or contributory negligence (whether active, passive or gross) of any HealthMarkets Affiliate.
This release includes, but is not limited to, a release of all claims or causes of action arising out of or relating to your employer-employee relationship with the Company or the termination of that relationship, and any other claim, including, without limitation, alleged breach of express or implied written or oral contract, alleged breach of employee handbook, alleged wrongful discharge, and tort claims, or claims or causes of action arising under any federal, state, or local law, including, but not limited to, the Age Discrimination in Employment Act, 29 U.S.C.
§ 621, et seq., the Reconstruction Era Civil Rights Act of 1866 and 1871, 42 U.S.C.
§§ 12101 et seq.
the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, 29 U.S.C.
§ 701 et seq., the Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification Act, 29 U.S.C.
§§ 2101-2109, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as amended, and any claim under any other statutes of the State of Texas, or other jurisdictions, and the facts, circumstances, allegations, and controversies relating or giving rise thereto that have accrued to the date of execution of this Release; D-1
