The Executive may retain all fees and other compensation from any such service, and the Company shall not reduce his compensation by the amount of such fees.4.
Compensation.
(a) Base Salary.
Beginning on the Effective Date, the Company shall pay to the Executive a base salary of $500,000 per annum (the “Base Salary”).
The Executive’s Base Salary may be increased (but not decreased) from time to time by the Committee in its sole discretion, payable at the times and in the manner consistent with the Company’s general policies regarding compensation of executive employees, but in all events no less frequently than monthly.
Such Base Salary shall be reviewed by the Board or an authorized committee of the Board at least annually beginning in January, 2014 for purposes of evaluating an increase in the Executive’s Base Salary.
For purposes of this Agreement, after any increase, “Base Salary” shall refer to such increased amount.
(b) Incentive Compensation.
With respect to the Company’s 2012 fiscal year and each fiscal year of the Company thereafter, all or part of which occurs during the Employment Term, the Executive shall be entitled to participate in the Company’s annual management incentive program or arrangement approved by the Board (or any authorized committee thereof) or any successor program or plan thereto or thereunder on terms and conditions no less favorable to the Executive than those available to similarly situated executives of the Company, with a target bonus opportunity of 100% of the Executive’s Base Salary (the “Target Bonus Percentage”) (with payment at no less than the Target Bonus Percentage if the applicable performance targets are met for the applicable fiscal year, and with the bonus opportunity to increase above the Target Bonus Percentage if the applicable performance targets are exceeded (as determined by the Board (or any authorized committee thereof) in a manner consistent with how annual bonus determinations are made for similarly situated executives of the Company); provided, however, that with respect to the Company’s 2012 fiscal year, the Executive’s actual annual bonus paid for such fiscal year will be guaranteed and will be equal to the greater of (i) the actual incentive bonus earned, or (ii) the Target Bonus Percentage multiplied by his Base Salary, in each case multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of days in the Company’s 2012 fiscal year from and after the Effective Date, and the denominator of which is 366; provided, further, however, that with respect to the Company’s 2013 fiscal year, the Executive shall be entitled to a guaranteed bonus equal to the greater of (i) the actual incentive bonus earned, or (ii) his Target Bonus Percentage multiplied by his Base Salary ($500,000).
Such annual bonuses shall be paid to the Executive in cash no later than the date such bonuses are generally paid to other senior executives of the Company, but in all events by March 15 of the year following the fiscal year for which such annual bonus was earned (unless the Executive has elected to defer receipt of any such bonuses).
(c) Equity Compensation.
(ii) Initial Grants.
Pursuant to Section 13 hereof, the Committee has approved, and as soon as practicable following the Effective Date, the Executive shall be awarded 250,000 Option Rights and 120,000 Restricted Shares (together, the “Initial Grants”), which Initial Grants will be subject to the provisions set forth in the Executive’s Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement and Restricted Share Agreement to be entered into in the form of Exhibit B and Exhibit C attached hereto, respectively.
(d) Sign-On Bonus.
The Company shall pay the Executive a cash sign-on bonus in the amount of $250,000 as soon as practicable following the Effective Date, but in no event later than November 15, 2012 (the “Sign-On Bonus”).
Employee Benefits.
In addition to the compensation described in Section 4, during the Employment Term, the Executive shall be eligible to participate in the employee benefit plans and programs, and to receive perquisites, provided from time to time to similarly situated executives of the Company and its Subsidiaries generally, including applicable waiting periods.
During such waiting period, the Company shall reimburse the Executive for the cost of COBRA continuation coverage with any such reimbursement subject to the Executive providing reasonable and customary documentation relating to such COBRA continuation coverage.6.
Expenses.
During the Employment Term, the Company shall pay or reimburse the Executive for reasonable and necessary expenses incurred by the Executive in connection with the Executive’s performance of the Executive’s duties on behalf of the Company and its Subsidiaries in accordance with the expense policy of the Company applicable to similarly situated executives of the Company and its Subsidiaries generally.
The Company shall pay the Executive’s legal counsel directly for the reasonable fees and expenses incurred by the Executive in connection with the review and negotiation of this Agreement and any other related documentation, subject to a cap of $10,000 with any such payment to be subject to the Executive providing reasonable and customary documentation of such reasonable fees and expenses.7.
(c) Benefits Period.
The Executive will be entitled to receive an amount equal to the sum of: (i) one (1) times the Executive’s Base Salary and (ii) one (1) times an amount equal to the product of (A) the Executive’s Base Salary and (B) the Executive’s Target Bonus Percentage (the sum of (i) and (ii), the “Termination Payments”), such amount to be payable in equal installments over the Payment Period.
(c) Equity Compensation.
(d) Welfare Benefits.
For purposes of this paragraph, “Interest” shall mean interest at the applicable federal rate provided for in Section 7872(f)(2)(A) of the Code, from the date on which payment would otherwise have been made but for any required delay through the date of payment.
(h) Return of Payments/Clawback.
Certain Additional Payments by the Company.
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section 10(a), if it shall be determined that the Executive is entitled to the Gross-Up Payment, but that the Parachute Value of all Payments does not exceed 110% of the Safe Harbor Amount, then no Gross-Up Payment shall be made to the Executive and the amounts payable under this Agreement shall be reduced so that the Parachute Value of all Payments, in the aggregate, equals the Safe Harbor Amount.
The reduction of the amounts payable hereunder, if applicable, shall be made by reducing the payments and benefits under the following sections in the following order: (i) Section 9(a), (ii) Section 9(b), (iii) any cash payments under Section 8(a)), (iv) any non-cash amounts under Section 8(a) and (v) Section 9(d).
For purposes of reducing the Payments to the Safe Harbor Amount, only amounts payable under this Agreement (and no other Payments) shall be reduced.
As a result of the uncertainty in the application of Section 4999 of the Code at the time of the initial determination by the Accounting Firm hereunder, it is possible that Gross-Up Payments that will not have been made by the Company should have been made (the “Underpayment”), consistent with the calculations required to be made hereunder.
The Executive shall not pay such claim prior to the expiration of the 30-day period following the date on which the Executive gives such notice to the Company (or such shorter period ending on the date that any payment of taxes with respect to such claim is due).
(d) If, after the receipt by the Executive of a Gross-Up Payment or payment by the Company of an amount on the Executive’s behalf pursuant to Section 10(c), the Executive becomes entitled to receive any refund with respect to the Excise Tax to which such Gross-Up Payment relates or with respect to such claim, the Executive shall (subject to the Company’s complying with the requirements of Section 10(c), if applicable) promptly pay to the Company the amount of such refund (together with any interest paid or credited thereon after taxes applicable thereto).
If, after payment by the Company of an amount on the Executive’s behalf pursuant to Section 10(c), a determination is made that the Executive shall not be entitled to any refund with respect to such claim and the Company does not notify the Executive in writing of its intent to contest such denial of refund prior to the expiration of 30 days after such determination, then the amount of such payment shall offset, to the extent thereof, the amount of Gross-Up Payment required to be paid.
(e) Any Gross-Up Payment, as determined pursuant to this Section 10, shall be paid by the Company to the Executive within five (5) days of the receipt of the Accounting Firm’s determination; provided, however, that the Gross-Up Payment shall in all events be paid no later than the end of the Executive’s taxable year next following the Executive’s taxable year in which the Excise Tax (and any income or other related taxes or interest or penalties thereon) on a Payment are remitted to the Internal Revenue Service or any other applicable taxing authority; or, in the case of amounts relating to a claim described in Section 10(c) that does not result in the remittance of any federal, state, local and foreign income, excise, social security and other taxes, the calendar year in which the claim is finally settled or otherwise resolved.
A “Payment” shall mean any payment, benefit, entitlement or distribution in the nature of compensation (within the meaning of Section 280G(b)(2) of the Code) to or for the benefit of the Executive, whether paid or payable pursuant to this Agreement or otherwise (including, without limitation, any payment, benefit, entitlement or distribution paid or provided by the person or entity effecting the change in control).The “Safe Harbor Amount” means 2.99 times the Executive’s “base amount,” within the meaning of Section 280G(b)(3) of the Code.11.
(b) All reimbursements and in-kind benefits provided under this Agreement shall be made or provided in accordance with the requirements of Section 409A of the Code.
In order to comply with Section 409A of the Code, in no event shall the payments by the Company under Section 6 be made later than the end of the calendar year next following the calendar year in which such fees and expenses were incurred, provided, that the Executive shall have submitted an invoice for such fees and expenses at least 10 days before the end of the calendar year next following the calendar year in which such fees and expenses were incurred.
In the event of the Executive’s death while any payment, benefit or entitlement is due to the Executive under this Agreement, such payment, benefit or entitlement shall be paid or provided to the Executive’s designated beneficiary (or if the Executive has not designated a beneficiary, to his estate).18.
Arbitration shall take place at an appointed time and place in Dallas, Texas.
(d) “Base Salary” has the meaning specified in Section 4(a).
(s) “Gross-Up Payment” has the meaning specified in Section 10(a).
(x) “Initial Payment Period” has the meaning specified in Section 9(f).
(cc) “Payment Period” means the one-year period commencing on the 65th day following the Executive’s separation from service (as determined in accordance with Section 409A of the Code) with the Company, with the first payment being made on such 65th day.
