Exhibit 10.1
Upon the Executive’s termination without Good Reason, (i) any unvested portions of the any outstanding equity awards will be immediately forfeited and (ii) subject to Section 14 of this Agreement, all of the Executive’s vested Option Rights and Restricted Shares, if any, shall be delivered, paid or remain exercisable in accordance with their terms.
(d) Call Right.
The Executive hereby agrees to execute any and all documentation to effectuate such resignations upon request by the Company, but he shall be treated for all purposes as having so resigned upon termination of his employment, regardless of when or whether he executes any such documentation.
The Welfare Benefits shall be provided to the Executive on the same terms and conditions under which the Executive was entitled to participate immediately prior to his termination of employment, including any applicable employee contributions.
(f) Section 409A of the Code; Specified Employee.
The Accounting Firm shall provide detailed supporting calculations both to the Company and the Executive within 15 business days of the receipt of notice from the Executive that there has been a Payment or such earlier time as is requested by the Company.
8
(c) The Executive shall notify the Company in writing of any claim by the Internal Revenue Service that, if successful, would require the payment by the Company of the Gross-Up Payment.
Such notification shall be given as soon as practicable, but no later than 10 business days after the Executive is informed in writing of such claim.
If the Company notifies the Executive in writing prior to the expiration of such period that the Company desires to contest such claim, the Executive shall:(i) give the Company any information reasonably requested by the Company relating to such claim,(ii) take such action in connection with contesting such claim as the Company shall reasonably request in writing from time to time, including, without limitation, accepting legal representation with respect to such claim by an attorney reasonably selected by the Company,(iii) cooperate with the Company in good faith in order effectively to contest such claim, and(iv) permit the Company to participate in any proceedings relating to such claim;provided, however, that the Company shall bear and pay directly all costs and expenses (including additional interest and penalties) incurred in connection with such contest, and shall indemnify and hold the Executive harmless, on an after-tax basis, for any Excise Tax or income tax (including interest and penalties) imposed as a result of such representation and payment of costs and expenses.
All records, files, memoranda, reports, customer lists, drawings, plans, documents and the like relating to the Company’s business that the Executive uses, prepares or comes into contact with during the course of the Executive’s employment shall remain the sole property of the Company and/or its affiliates, as applicable, and shall be turned over to the Company upon termination of the Executive’s employment, except to the extent the Executive is permitted to retain such information or property as set forth in Section 11(b).
14
Notices.
For all purposes of this Agreement, all communications, including without limitation notices, consents, requests or approvals, required or permitted to be given hereunder will be in writing and will be deemed to have been duly given when hand delivered or dispatched by electronic facsimile transmission (with receipt thereof confirmed), or five (5) business days after having been mailed by United States registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, or three (3) business days after having been sent by a nationally recognized overnight courier service such as Federal Express, UPS, or Purolator, addressed to the Company (to the attention of the Secretary of the Company) at its principal executive offices and to the Executive at his principal residence, or to such other address as any party may have furnished to the other in writing and in accordance herewith, except that notices of changes of address shall be effective only upon receipt.19.
16
Miscellaneous.
18
(ll) “Stockholders Agreement” means the Stockholders Agreement by and among investment funds affiliated with The Blackstone Group, L.P., Goldman Sachs & Co. and DLJ Merchant Banking Partners IV, L.P., the Company, the Executive, and other signatories thereto, dated April 5, 2006, as may be amended from time to time.
§§ 1981 and 1983, the Civil Rights Act of 1964, Title VII, 42 U.S.C.
