Exhibit 10.3
WHEREAS
B.
In accordance with the terms of the Purchase Agreement, the Company has agreed to provide to the Holders certain registration rights under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations thereunder, or any similar successor statute (collectively, the “Securities Act”), and applicable state securities laws.
NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the mutual covenants contained herein and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the Company and each of the Holders hereby agree as follows:
1.
Definitions.
Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined herein shall have the respective meanings set forth in the Purchase Agreement.
As used in this Agreement, the following terms shall have the following meanings:
a.
“Business Day” means any day other than Saturday, Sunday or any other day on which commercial banks in The City of New York are authorized or required by law to remain closed.
b.
“Effective Date” means the date that the Registration Statement is first declared effective by the SEC.
e.           “Filing Deadline” means 45 calendar days after the Company becomes eligible to register its securities on a Registration Statement on Form S-3.
f.            “Investor” means a Holder, any transferee or assignee thereof to whom a Holder assigns its rights under this Agreement and who agrees to become bound by the provisions of this Agreement in accordance with Section 9 and any transferee or assignee thereof to whom a transferee or assignee assigns its rights under this Agreement and who agrees to become bound by the provisions of this Agreement in accordance with Section 9.
g.           “Person” means an individual, a limited liability company, a partnership, a joint venture, a corporation, a trust, an unincorporated organization and a government or any department or agency thereof.
h.           “register,” “registered,” and “registration” refer to a registration effected by preparing and filing one or more Registration Statements (as defined below) in compliance with the Securities Act and pursuant to Rule 415, and the declaration or ordering of effectiveness of such Registration Statement(s) by the SEC.
i.
“Registrable Securities” means (i) the Common Shares, (ii) the New Convertible Note Shares, (iii) the Put Right Shares and (iv) any shares of capital stock of the Company issued or issuable with respect to the Common Shares, the New Convertible Notes, the New Convertible Note Shares or the Put Right Shares (without regard to any limitations on conversion of the New Convertible Notes) as a result of any stock split, stock dividend, recapitalization, exchange or similar event or otherwise; provided, that any Registrable Securities that have been sold pursuant to a Registration Statement or Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities Act shall no longer be Registrable Securities.
j.
“Registration Statement” means a registration statement or registration statements of the Company filed under the Securities Act covering the Registrable Securities.
k.          “Required Holders” means the holders of at least 66 2/3% of the Registrable Securities.
l.            “Rule 415” means Rule 415 under the Securities Act or any successor rule providing for offering securities on a continuous or delayed basis.
m.           “SEC” means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.
2.
Registration.
a.
Mandatory Registration.
In the event that Form S-3 is unavailable for such a registration, the Company shall file a Registration Statement on Form S-1, subject to the provisions of Section 2(d).
The Registration Statement shall contain (except if otherwise directed by the Required Holders) the “Selling Stockholders” and “Plan of Distribution” sections attached hereto as Exhibit B.
The Company shall use its reasonable best efforts to have the Registration Statement declared effective by the SEC as soon as practicable, but in no event later than the Effectiveness Deadline.
By 9:30 a.m. on the Business Day following the Effective Date, the Company shall file with the SEC in accordance with Rule 424 under the Securities Act the final prospectus to be used in connection with sales pursuant to such Registration Statement.
Notwithstanding the registration obligations set forth in this Section 2, if the SEC informs the Company that all of the Registrable Securities cannot, as a result of the application of Rule 415, be registered for resale as a secondary offering on a single registration statement, the Company agrees to promptly (i) inform each of the Holders thereof and use its reasonable best efforts to file amendments to such Registration Statement as required by the SEC and/or (ii) withdraw such Registration Statement and file a new Registration Statement, in either case covering the maximum number of Registrable Securities permitted to be registered by the SEC, on Form S-3 or such other form available to the Company to register for resale the Registrable Securities as a secondary offering as set forth in Section 2(e).
b.
Legal Counsel.
Subject to Section 5, the Required Holders shall have the right to select one legal counsel to review and oversee any registration pursuant to this Section 2 (“Legal Counsel”), which shall be Greenberg Traurig, P.A.
or such other counsel as thereafter designated by the Required Holders.
The Company and Legal Counsel shall reasonably cooperate with each other in performing the Company’s obligations under this Agreement.
3.
Related Obligations.
At such time as the Company is obligated to file a Registration Statement with the SEC pursuant to Section 2(a), the Company will use commercially reasonable efforts to effect the registration of the Registrable Securities in accordance with the intended method of disposition thereof and, pursuant thereto, the Company shall have the following obligations:
a.
The Company shall keep each Registration Statement effective pursuant to Rule 415 at all times until the earlier of (i) the date as of which Investors may sell all of the Registrable Securities covered by such Registration Statement without restriction pursuant to Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities Act (including, without limitation, volume restrictions) without the need for current public information required by Rule 144(c)(1) (or Rule 144(i)(2), if applicable), or (ii) the date on which Investors shall have sold all of the Registrable Securities covered by such Registration Statement (the “Registration Period”).
The Company shall use best efforts to ensure that each Registration Statement (including any amendments or supplements thereto and prospectuses contained therein) shall not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein, or necessary to make the statements therein (in the case of prospectuses, in the light of the circumstances in which they were made) not misleading.
b.
The Company shall prepare and file with the SEC such amendments (including post-effective amendments) and supplements to a Registration Statement and the prospectus used in connection with such Registration Statement, which prospectus is to be filed pursuant to Rule 424 promulgated under the Securities Act, as may be necessary to keep such Registration Statement effective at all times during the Registration Period, and, during such period, comply with the provisions of the Securities Act with respect to the disposition of all Registrable Securities of the Company covered by such Registration Statement until such time as all of such Registrable Securities shall have been disposed of in accordance with the intended methods of disposition by the seller or sellers thereof as set forth in such Registration Statement.
In the case of amendments and supplements to a Registration Statement which are required to be filed pursuant to this Agreement (including pursuant to this Section 3(b)) by reason of the Company filing a report on Form 10-K, Form 10-Q or Form 8-K or any analogous report under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “1934 Act”), the Company shall have incorporated such report by reference into such Registration Statement, if applicable, or shall file such amendments or supplements with the SEC on the same day on which the 1934 Act report which created the requirement for the Company to amend or supplement such Registration Statement.
The Company shall not submit a request for acceleration of the effectiveness of a Registration Statement or any amendment or supplement thereto without the prior approval of Legal Counsel, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed.
The Company shall reasonably cooperate with Legal Counsel in performing the Company's obligations pursuant to this Section 3.
e.           The Company shall use commercially reasonable efforts to (i) register and qualify, unless an exemption from registration and qualification applies, the resale by Investors of the Registrable Securities covered by a Registration Statement under such other securities or “blue sky” laws of all applicable jurisdictions in the United States, (ii) prepare and file in those jurisdictions, such amendments (including post-effective amendments) and supplements to such registrations and qualifications as may be necessary to maintain the effectiveness thereof during the Registration Period, (iii) take such other actions as may be necessary to maintain such registrations and qualifications in effect at all times during the Registration Period, and (iv) take all other actions reasonably necessary or advisable to qualify the Registrable Securities for sale in such jurisdictions; provided, however, that the Company shall not be required in connection therewith or as a condition thereto to (x) qualify to do business in any jurisdiction where it would not otherwise be required to qualify but for this Section 3(e), (y) subject itself to general taxation in any such jurisdiction, or (z) file a general consent to service of process in any such jurisdiction.
The Company shall promptly notify Legal Counsel and each Investor who holds Registrable Securities of the receipt by the Company of any notification with respect to the suspension of the registration or qualification of any of the Registrable Securities for sale under the securities or “blue sky” laws of any jurisdiction in the United States or its receipt of notice of the initiation or threatening of any proceeding for such purpose.
g.           The Company shall use commercially reasonable efforts to prevent the issuance of any stop order or other suspension of effectiveness of a Registration Statement, or the suspension of the qualification of any of the Registrable Securities for sale in any jurisdiction and, if such an order or suspension is issued, to obtain the withdrawal of such order or suspension at the earliest possible moment and to notify Legal Counsel and each Investor who holds Registrable Securities being sold of the issuance of such order and the resolution thereof or its receipt of notice of the initiation or threat of any proceeding for such purpose.
Each Investor agrees that it shall, upon learning that disclosure of such Records is sought in or by a court or governmental body of competent jurisdiction or through other means, give prompt notice to the Company and allow the Company, at its expense, to undertake appropriate action to prevent disclosure of, or to obtain a protective order for, the Records deemed confidential.
Nothing herein (or in any other confidentiality agreement between the Company and any Investor) shall be deemed to limit the Investors' ability to sell Registrable Securities in a manner which is otherwise consistent with applicable laws and regulations.
i.
The Company shall hold in confidence and not make any disclosure of information concerning an Investor provided to the Company unless (i) disclosure of such information is necessary to comply with federal or state securities laws or the applicable trading market, (ii) the disclosure of such information is necessary to avoid or correct a misstatement or omission in any Registration Statement, (iii) the release of such information is ordered pursuant to a subpoena or other final, non-appealable order from a court or governmental body of competent jurisdiction, or (iv) such information has been made generally available to the public other than by disclosure in violation of this Agreement or any other agreement.
The Company agrees that it shall, upon learning that disclosure of such information concerning an Investor is sought in or by a court or governmental body of competent jurisdiction or through other means, give prompt written notice to such Investor and allow such Investor, at the Investor's expense, to undertake appropriate action to prevent disclosure of, or to obtain a protective order for, such information.
j.
The Company shall use commercially reasonable efforts either to cause all of the Registrable Securities covered by each Registration Statement to be listed on each securities exchange on which securities of the same class or series issued by the Company are then listed, if any, if the listing of such Registrable Securities is then permitted under the rules of such exchange.
In addition, the Company shall use commercially reasonable efforts to cooperate with each Investor and any broker or dealer through which any such Investor proposes to sell its Registrable Securities in effecting a filing with the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (“FINRA”) pursuant to FINRA Rule 5110 as requested by such Investor.
The Company shall pay all fees and expenses in connection with satisfying its obligations relating to securities exchange listings under this Section 3(j).
k.          The Company shall use commercially reasonable efforts to cooperate with the Investors who hold Registrable Securities being offered and, to the extent applicable, facilitate the timely preparation and delivery of certificates (not bearing any restrictive legend) representing the Registrable Securities to be offered pursuant to a Registration Statement and enable such certificates to be in such denominations or amounts, as the case may be, as the Investors may reasonably request and registered in such names as the Investors may request.
l.            If requested by an Investor to correct a material error in the information to the Company provided by such Investor pursuant to Section 2(a) above, the Company shall as soon as reasonably practicable make all required filings of such Registration Statement, prospectus supplement or post-effective amendment after being notified of the matters to be incorporated in such prospectus supplement or post-effective amendment.
m.           The Company shall use commercially reasonable efforts to cause the Registrable Securities covered by a Registration Statement to be registered with or approved by such other governmental agencies or authorities as may be necessary to consummate the disposition of such Registrable Securities.
o.
The Company shall otherwise use reasonable efforts to comply with all applicable rules and regulations of the SEC in connection with any registration hereunder.
q.
For purposes of determining the length of a Grace Period above, the Grace Period shall begin on and include the date the Investors receive the notice referred to in clause (i) and shall end on and include the later of the date the Investors receive the notice referred to in clause (ii) and the date referred to in such notice.
s.          The Company shall take all other commercially reasonable actions necessary to expedite and facilitate disposition by each Investor of its Registrable Securities pursuant to each Registration Statement.
4.
Piggyback Registration.
a.
Whenever the Company proposes to register the offer and sale of any shares of its Common Stock under the Securities Act (other than a registration (i) pursuant to a Registration Statement on Form S-8 (or other registration solely relating to an offering or sale to employees or directors of the Company pursuant to any employee stock plan or other employee benefit arrangement), (ii) pursuant to a Registration Statement on Form S-4 (or similar form that relates to a transaction subject to Rule 145 under the Securities Act or any successor rule thereto), or (iii) in connection with any dividend or distribution reinvestment or similar plan), whether for its own account or for the account of one or more stockholders of the Company and the form of Registration Statement (a “Piggyback Registration Statement”) to be used may be used for any registration of Registrable Securities (a “Piggyback Registration”), the Company shall give prompt written notice (in any event no later than 15 days prior to the filing of such Registration Statement) to the holders of Registrable Securities of its intention to effect such a registration and, subject to Section 4(b), shall include in such registration all Registrable Securities with respect to which the Company has received written requests for inclusion from the holders of Registrable Securities.
b.
If a Piggyback Registration is initiated as an underwritten offering and the managing underwriter advises the Company in writing that in its reasonable and good faith opinion the number of shares of Common Stock proposed to be included in such offering, including all Registrable Securities and all other shares of Common Stock proposed to be included in such underwritten offering, exceeds the number of shares of Common Stock which can be sold in such offering and/or that the number of shares of Common Stock proposed to be included in any such offering would adversely affect the price per share of the Common Stock to be sold in such offering, the Company shall include in such registration (i) first, the shares of Common Stock that the Company proposes to sell, (ii) second, the shares of Common Stock requested to be included therein by holders of Registrable Securities, allocated pro rata among all such holders on the basis of the number of Registrable Securities owned by each such holder or in such manner as the Required Holders may otherwise agree, and (iii) third, the shares of Common Stock requested to be included therein by holders of Common Stock other than holders of Registrable Securities, allocated among such holders in such manner as they may agree.
5.
Obligations of the Investors.
a.
It shall be a condition precedent to the obligations of the Company to complete the registration pursuant to this Agreement with respect to the Registrable Securities of a particular Investor that such Investor shall complete to the Company’s satisfaction such information regarding itself, the Registrable Securities held by it and the intended method of disposition of the Registrable Securities held by it as shall be reasonably required to effect the effectiveness of the registration of such Registrable Securities and shall execute such documents in connection with such registration as the Company may reasonably request.
b.
Each Investor, by such Investor’s acceptance of the Registrable Securities, agrees to cooperate with the Company as reasonably requested by the Company in connection with the preparation and filing of any Registration Statement hereunder, unless such Investor has notified the Company in writing of such Investor's election to exclude all of such Investor's Registrable Securities from such Registration Statement.
d.           Each Investor covenants and agrees that it will comply with any applicable prospectus delivery requirements of the Securities Act as applicable to it or an exemption therefrom in connection with sales of Registrable Securities pursuant to a Registration Statement.
6.
Expenses of Registration.
All reasonable expenses, other than underwriting discounts and commissions, incurred in connection with registrations, filings or qualifications pursuant to Sections 2 and 3, including, without limitation, all registration, listing and qualifications fees, printers and accounting fees, FINRA filing fees (if any) and fees and disbursements of counsel for the Company shall be paid by the Company.
In no event shall the Company be responsible for any underwriting, broker or similar fees or commissions of any Investor or, except to the extent provided for in the Purchase Agreement, any legal fees or other costs of the Investors.
7.
Indemnification.
In the event any Registrable Securities are included in a Registration Statement under this Agreement:
a.
To the fullest extent permitted by law, the Company will, and hereby does, indemnify, hold harmless and defend each Investor, the directors, officers, members, partners, employees, agents, representatives of, and each Person, if any, who controls any Investor within the meaning of the Securities Act or the 1934 Act (each, an “Indemnified Person”), against any losses, claims, damages, liabilities, judgments, fines, penalties, charges, costs, reasonable attorneys' fees, amounts paid in settlement or expenses, joint or several, (collectively, “Claims”) incurred in defending any action, claim, suit, inquiry, proceeding, formal investigation or appeal taken from the foregoing by or before any court or governmental, administrative or other regulatory agency, body or the SEC, whether pending or formally threatened such as through a target letter (“Indemnified Damages”), to which any of them may become subject insofar as such Claims (or actions or proceedings, whether commenced or formally threatened, in respect thereof) arise out of or are based upon:  (i) any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact in a Registration Statement or any post-effective amendment thereto or in any filing made in connection with the qualification of the offering under the securities or other “blue sky” laws of any jurisdiction in which Registrable Securities are offered, or the omission or alleged omission to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading, (ii) any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in any preliminary prospectus if used prior to the effective date of such Registration Statement, or contained in the final prospectus (as amended or supplemented, if the Company files any amendment thereof or supplement thereto with the SEC) or the omission or alleged omission to state therein any material fact necessary to make the statements made therein, in the light of the circumstances under which the statements therein were made, not misleading, (iii) any violation or alleged violation by the Company of the Securities Act, the 1934 Act, any other law, including, without limitation, any state securities law, or any rule or regulation thereunder relating to the offer or sale of the Registrable Securities pursuant to a Registration Statement or (iv) any material violation of this Agreement (the matters in the foregoing clauses (i) through (iv) being, collectively, “Violations”).
Subject to Section 6(c), the Company shall reimburse the Indemnified Persons, promptly upon receipt of statements for such expenses are incurred, for any legal fees or other reasonable expenses incurred by them in connection with defending any such Claim.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the indemnification agreement contained in this Section 6(a):  (i) shall not apply to a Claim by an Indemnified Person arising out of or based upon a Violation which occurs in reliance upon and in conformity with information furnished in writing to the Company by such Indemnified Person for such Indemnified Person expressly for use in connection with the preparation of the Registration Statement or any such amendment thereof or supplement thereto and (ii) shall not apply to amounts paid in settlement of any Claim if such settlement is effected without the prior written consent of the Company, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed.
Such indemnity shall remain in full force and effect regardless of any investigation made by or on behalf of the Indemnified Person and shall survive the transfer of the Registrable Securities by the Investors pursuant to Section 9.
b.
In connection with any Registration Statement in which an Investor is participating, each such Investor agrees to severally and not jointly indemnify, hold harmless and defend, to the same extent and in the same manner as is set forth in Section 6(a), the Company, each of its directors, each of its officers who signs the Registration Statement, employees, agents, representatives and each Person, if any, who controls the Company within the meaning of the Securities Act or the 1934 Act (each, an “Indemnified Party”), against any Claim or Indemnified Damages to which any of them may become subject, under the Securities Act, the 1934 Act or otherwise, insofar as such Claim or Indemnified Damages arise out of or are based upon any Violation, in each case to the extent, and only to the extent, that such Violation occurs in reliance upon and in conformity with written information furnished to the Company by such Investor expressly for use in connection with such Registration Statement; and, subject to Section 6(c), such Investor will reimburse any legal or other expenses reasonably incurred by an Indemnified Party in connection with defending any such Claim; provided, however, that the indemnity agreement contained in this Section 6(b) and the agreement with respect to contribution contained in Section 7 shall not apply to amounts paid in settlement of any Claim if such settlement is effected without the prior written consent of such Investor, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed; provided, further, however, that the Investor shall be liable under this Section 6(b) for only that amount of a Claim or Indemnified Damages as does not exceed the net proceeds to such Investor as a result of the sale of Registrable Securities pursuant to such Registration Statement.
Such indemnity shall remain in full force and effect regardless of any investigation made by or on behalf of such Indemnified Party and shall survive the transfer of the Registrable Securities by the Investors pursuant to Section 9.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the indemnification agreement contained in this Section 6(b) with respect to any preliminary prospectus shall not inure to the benefit of any Indemnified Party if the untrue statement or omission of material fact contained in the preliminary prospectus was corrected on a timely basis in the prospectus, as then amended or supplemented.
In the case of an Indemnified Person, legal counsel referred to in the immediately preceding sentence shall be selected by the Investors holding at least a majority in interest of the Registrable Securities included in the Registration Statement to which the Claim relates.
The Indemnified Party or Indemnified Person shall cooperate fully with the indemnifying party in connection with any negotiation or defense of any such action or Claim by the indemnifying party and shall furnish to the indemnifying party all information reasonably available to the Indemnified Party or Indemnified Person which relates to such action or Claim.
The indemnifying party shall keep the Indemnified Party or Indemnified Person reasonably apprised at all times as to the status of the defense or any settlement negotiations with respect thereto.
No indemnifying party shall be liable for any settlement of any action, claim or proceeding effected without its prior written consent, provided, however, that the indemnifying party shall not unreasonably withhold, delay or condition its consent.
No indemnifying party shall, without the prior written consent of the Indemnified Party or Indemnified Person, consent to entry of any judgment or enter into any settlement or other compromise which does not include as an unconditional term thereof the giving by the claimant or plaintiff to such Indemnified Party or Indemnified Person of a release from all liability in respect to such Claim or litigation, and such settlement shall not include any admission as to fault on the part of the Indemnified Party.
Following indemnification as provided for hereunder, the indemnifying party shall be subrogated to all rights of the Indemnified Party or Indemnified Person with respect to all third parties, firms or corporations relating to the matter for which indemnification has been made.
The failure to deliver written notice to the indemnifying party within a reasonable time of the commencement of any such action shall not relieve such indemnifying party of any liability to the Indemnified Person or Indemnified Party under this Section 6, except to the extent that the indemnifying party is materially prejudiced in its ability to defend such action.
d.           No Person involved in the sale of Registrable Securities who is guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation (within the meaning of Section 11(f) of the 1933 Act) in connection with such sale shall be entitled to indemnification from any Person involved in such sale of Registrable Securities who is not guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation.
e.           The indemnification required by this Section 6 shall be made by periodic payments of the amount thereof during the course of the defense, as and when statements are provided.
f.            The indemnity agreements contained herein shall be in addition to  (i) any cause of action or similar right of the Indemnified Party or Indemnified Person against the indemnifying party or others, and (ii) any liabilities the indemnifying party may be subject to pursuant to the law.
8.
Contribution.
If the indemnification provided for in Section 6 is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be unavailable to an Indemnified Person with respect to any loss, liability, claim, damage or expense referred to herein, then the indemnifying party, in lieu of indemnifying such Indemnified Person hereunder, shall contribute to the amount paid or payable by such Indemnified Person as a result of such loss, liability, claim, damage or expense in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect the relative fault of the indemnifying party on the one hand and of the Indemnified Person on the other in connection with the statements or omissions (or alleged statements or omissions) which resulted in such loss, liability, claim, damage or expense, as well as any other relevant equitable considerations.
The relative fault of the indemnifying party and of the Indemnified Person shall be determined by reference to, among other things, whether the untrue (or alleged untrue) statement of a material fact or the omission (or alleged omission) to state a material fact relates to information supplied by the indemnifying party or by the Indemnified Person and the parties’ relative intent, knowledge, access to information and opportunity to correct or prevent such statement or omission; provided, however, that:  (i) no contribution shall be made under circumstances where the maker would not have been liable for indemnification under the fault standards set forth in Section 6 of this Agreement, (ii) no Person involved in the sale of Registrable Securities which Person is guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation (within the meaning of Section 11(f) of the Securities Act) in connection with such sale shall be entitled to contribution from any Person involved in such sale of Registrable Securities who was not guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation; and (iii) contribution by any seller of Registrable Securities shall be limited in amount to the net amount of proceeds received by such seller from the sale of such Registrable Securities pursuant to such Registration Statement.
9.
Reports Under the 1934 Act.
With a view to making available to the Investors the benefits of Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities Act or any other similar rule or regulation of the SEC that may at any time permit the Investors to sell securities of the Company to the public without registration (“Rule 144”), the Company agrees to:
a.           make and keep public information available, as those terms are understood and defined in Rule 144;
b.           file with the SEC in a timely manner all reports and other documents required of the Company under the Securities Act and the 1934 Act so long as the Company remains subject to such requirements and the filing of such reports and other documents is required for the applicable provisions of Rule 144; and
10.
Assignment of Registration Rights.
11.
Amendment of Registration Rights.
Provisions of this Agreement may be amended and the observance thereof may be waived (either generally or in a particular instance and either retroactively or prospectively), only with the written consent of the Company and the Required Holders.
Any amendment or waiver effected in accordance with this Section 10 shall be binding upon each Investor and the Company.
No such amendment shall be effective to the extent that it applies to less than all of the holders of the Registrable Securities.
No consideration shall be offered or paid to any Person to amend or consent to a waiver or modification of any provision of any of this Agreement unless the same consideration also is offered to all of the parties to this Agreement.
12.
Miscellaneous.
a.
A Person is deemed to be a holder of Registrable Securities whenever such Person owns or is deemed to own of record such Registrable Securities.
If the Company receives conflicting instructions, notices or elections from two or more Persons with respect to the same Registrable Securities, the Company shall act upon the basis of instructions, notice or election received from the record owner of such Registrable Securities.
b.
The addresses and facsimile numbers for such communications shall be:
If to Legal Counsel for the Investors:
c.           Failure of any party to exercise any right or remedy under this Agreement or otherwise, or delay by a party in exercising such right or remedy, shall not operate as a waiver thereof.
d.           All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Agreement shall be governed by the internal laws of the State of New York, without giving effect to any choice of law or conflict of law provision or rule (whether of the State of New York or any other jurisdictions) that would cause the application of the laws of any jurisdictions other than the State of New York.
Each party hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts sitting in The City of New York, Borough of Manhattan, for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with any transaction contemplated hereby or discussed herein, and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any suit, action or proceeding, any claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of any such court, that such suit, action or proceeding is brought in an inconvenient forum or that the venue of such suit, action or proceeding is improper.
Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any such suit, action or proceeding by mailing a copy thereof to such party at the address for such notices to it under this Agreement and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof.
Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any manner permitted by law.
If any provision of this Agreement shall be invalid or unenforceable in any jurisdiction, such invalidity or unenforceability shall not affect the validity or enforceability of the remainder of this Agreement in that jurisdiction or the validity or enforceability of any provision of this Agreement in any other jurisdiction.
e.           This Agreement, the Purchase Agreement, the New Convertible Notes and the Fifth Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of Edison Nation Holdings, LLC and the instruments referenced herein and therein constitute the entire agreement among the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof.
There are no restrictions, promises, warranties or undertakings, other than those set forth or referred to herein and therein.
This Agreement, the Purchase Agreement, the New Convertible Notes and the Fifth Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of Edison Nation Holdings, LLC and the instruments referenced herein and therein supersede all prior agreements and understandings among the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof.
f.            Subject to the requirements of Section 9, this Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the permitted successors and assigns of each of the parties hereto.
g.           The headings in this Agreement are for convenience of reference only and shall not limit or otherwise affect the meaning hereof.
h.           This Agreement may be executed in identical counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original but all of which shall constitute one and the same agreement.
i.
j.
All consents and other determinations required to be made by the Investors pursuant to this Agreement shall be made, unless otherwise specified in this Agreement, by the Required Holders.
k.          The language used in this Agreement will be deemed to be the language chosen by the parties to express their mutual intent and no rules of strict construction will be applied against any party.
l.            This Agreement is intended for the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective permitted successors and assigns, and is not for the benefit of, nor may any provision hereof be enforced by, any other Person.
m.           The obligations of each Investor hereunder are several and not joint with the obligations of any other Investor, and no provision of this Agreement is intended to confer any obligations on any Investor vis-à-vis any other Investor.
Nothing contained herein, and no action taken by any Investor pursuant hereto, shall be deemed to constitute the Investors as a partnership, an association, a joint venture or any other kind of entity, or create a presumption that the Investors are in any way acting in concert or as a group with respect to such obligations or the transactions contemplated herein.
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each Holder and the Company have caused their respective signature page to this Registration Rights Agreement to be duly executed as of the date first written above.
    IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each Holder and the Company have caused their respective signature page to this Registration Rights Agreement to be duly executed as of the date first written above.
Pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, the Company also has entered into a Registration Rights Agreement with the Holders (the “Registration Rights Agreement”) pursuant to which the Company agreed, among other things, to register the Registrable Securities (as defined in the Registration Rights Agreement), including the shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the Notes, the Common Shares and the Put Right Shares under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “1933 Act”).
In connection with the Company’s obligations under the Registration Rights Agreement, on September 4, 2018, the Company filed a Registration Statement on Form S-3 (File No.
333-_____________) (the “Registration Statement”) with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) relating to the Registrable Securities which names each of the Holders as a selling shareholder thereunder.
In connection with the foregoing, we advise you that a member of the SEC's staff has advised us [in writing][by telephone] that the SEC has entered an order declaring the Registration Statement effective under the 1933 Act at [ENTER TIME OF EFFECTIVENESS] on [ENTER DATE OF EFFECTIVENESS] and we have no knowledge, after telephonic inquiry of a member of the SEC's staff, that any stop order suspending its effectiveness has been issued or that any proceedings for that purpose are pending before, or threatened by, the SEC and the Registrable Securities are available for resale under the 1933 Act pursuant to the Registration Statement.
This letter shall serve as our standing instruction to you that, provided that a Rule 424(b) prospectus has been filed with the SEC, the shares of Common Stock are freely transferable by the Holders pursuant to the Registration Statement.
This letter shall serve as our standing instruction with regard to this matter.
EXHIBIT B SELLING STOCKHOLDERS The shares of Common Stock being offered by the selling shareholders are those issued to the selling shareholders under that certain Membership Interest Purchase Agreement and those issuable to the selling shareholders upon conversion of the senior convertible notes and in satisfaction of our guaranty of certain obligations of Edison Nation Holdings, LLC, our subsidiary, to the selling shareholders.
For additional information regarding the issuance of those shares, the senior convertible notes and the shares issuable in satisfaction of our guaranty, see “Private Placement of Shares and Senior Convertible Notes and Guaranty Obligations” above.
We are registering the shares of Common Stock in order to permit the selling shareholders to offer the shares for resale from time to time.
Except for the ownership of the shares and senior convertible notes issued pursuant to the Membership Interest Purchase Agreement, the selling shareholders have not had any material relationship with us within the past three years.
The table below lists the selling shareholders and other information regarding the beneficial ownership (as determined under Section 13(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations thereunder) of the shares of Common Stock and senior convertible notes held by each of the selling shareholders.
The third column lists the number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by each selling shareholder, based on its ownership of the senior convertible notes, as of ________, 20__, assuming conversion of all senior convertible notes, without regard to any limitations on conversions set forth therein, and assuming we satisfy our guaranty obligations through the issuance of shares of Common Stock to the selling shareholders.
The fourth column lists the shares of Common Stock being offered by this prospectus by each selling shareholder.
The fifth column assumes the sale of all of the shares of Common Stock offered by the selling shareholders pursuant to this prospectus.
In accordance with the terms of registration rights agreement with the selling shareholders, this prospectus generally covers the resale of at least the sum of (i) the number of shares of Common Stock issued as of the trading day immediately preceding the date the registration statement is initially filed with the SEC and (ii) the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the senior convertible notes and in satisfaction of our guaranty, in each case, as of the trading day immediately preceding the date the registration statement is initially filed with the SEC.
Because the conversion price of the senior convertible notes may be adjusted, the number of shares that will actually be issued may be more or less than the number of shares being offered by this prospectus.
Under the terms of the senior convertible notes, a selling shareholder may not convert the senior convertible notes to the extent such conversion would cause such selling shareholder, together with its affiliates, to beneficially own a number of shares of Common Stock which would exceed 9.99% of our then outstanding shares of Common Stock following such conversion, excluding for purposes of such determination shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the senior convertible notes which have not been converted.
The number of shares in the third column does not reflect this limitation.
See “Plan of Distribution.”        PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION We are registering the shares of Common Stock issued to the selling shareholders and issuable upon conversion of the senior convertible notes and in satisfaction of our guaranty obligations to permit the resale of these shares of Common Stock by the holders of the shares of Common Stock, the senior convertible notes and the beneficiaries of our guaranty from time to time after the date of this prospectus.
We will bear all fees and expenses incident to our obligation to register the shares of Common Stock.
If the shares of Common Stock are sold through underwriters or broker-dealers, the selling shareholders will be responsible for underwriting discounts or commissions or agent's commissions.
These sales may be effected in transactions, which may involve crosses or block transactions,                  If the selling shareholders effect such transactions by selling shares of Common Stock to or through underwriters, broker-dealers or agents, such underwriters, broker-dealers or agents may receive commissions in the form of discounts, concessions or commissions from the selling shareholders or commissions from purchasers of the shares of Common Stock for whom they may act as agent or to whom they may sell as principal (which discounts, concessions or commissions as to particular underwriters, broker-dealers or agents may be in excess of those customary in the types of transactions involved).
In connection with sales of the shares of Common Stock or otherwise, the selling shareholders may enter into hedging transactions with broker-dealers, which may in turn engage in short sales of the shares of Common Stock in the course of hedging in positions they assume.
The selling shareholders may pledge or grant a security interest in some or all of the senior convertible notes or shares of Common Stock owned by them and, if they default in the performance of their secured obligations, the pledgees or secured parties may offer and sell the shares of Common Stock from time to time pursuant to this prospectus or any amendment to this prospectus under Rule 424(b)(3) or other applicable provision of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, amending, if necessary, the list of selling shareholders to include the pledgee, transferee or other successors in interest as selling shareholders under this prospectus.
The selling shareholders also may transfer and donate the shares of Common Stock in other circumstances in which case the transferees, donees, pledgees or other successors in interest will be the selling beneficial owners for purposes of this prospectus.
The selling shareholders and any broker-dealer participating in the distribution of the shares of Common Stock may be deemed to be “underwriters” within the meaning of the Securities Act, and any commission paid, or any discounts or concessions allowed to, any such broker-dealer may be deemed to be underwriting commissions or discounts under the Securities Act.
At the time a particular offering of the shares of Common Stock is made, a prospectus supplement, if required, will be distributed which will set forth the aggregate amount of shares of Common Stock being offered and the terms of the offering, including the name or names of any broker-dealers or agents, any discounts, commissions and other terms constituting compensation from the selling shareholders and any discounts, commissions or concessions allowed or reallowed or paid to broker-dealers.
Under the securities laws of some states, the shares of Common Stock may be sold in such states only through registered or licensed brokers or dealers.
In addition, in some states the shares of Common Stock may not be sold unless such shares have been registered or qualified for sale in such state or an exemption from registration or qualification is available and is complied with.
There can be no assurance that any selling shareholder will sell any or all of the shares of Common Stock registered pursuant to the shelf registration statement, of which this prospectus forms a part.
The selling shareholders and any other person participating in such distribution will be subject to applicable provisions of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations thereunder, including, without limitation, Regulation M of the Exchange Act, which may limit the timing of purchases and sales of any of the shares of Common Stock by the selling shareholders and any other participating person.
Regulation M may also restrict the ability of any person engaged in the distribution of the shares of Common Stock to engage in market-making activities with respect to the shares of Common Stock.
All of the foregoing may affect the marketability of the shares of Common Stock and the ability of any person or entity to engage in market-making activities with respect to the shares of Common Stock.
We will pay all expenses of the registration of the shares of Common Stock pursuant to the registration rights agreement, estimated to be $[     ] in total, including, without limitation, Securities and Exchange Commission filing fees and expenses of compliance with state securities or “blue sky” laws; provided, however, that a selling shareholder will pay all underwriting discounts and selling commissions, if any and any related legal expenses incurred by it.
We will indemnify the selling shareholders against liabilities, including some liabilities under the Securities Act, in accordance with the registration rights agreements, or the selling shareholders will be entitled to contribution.
We may be indemnified by the selling shareholders against civil liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act, that may arise from any written information furnished to us by the selling shareholder specifically for use in this prospectus, in accordance with the related registration rights agreements, or we may be entitled to contribution.
Once sold under the shelf registration statement, of which this prospectus forms a part, the shares of Common Stock will be freely tradable in the hands of persons other than our affiliates.
