Compensation and Related Matters.
(a) Base Salary.
During the Term, the Executive’s initial annual base salary shall be $300,000.
The Executive’s base salary shall be reviewed at least annually by the Board and may be increased in its discretion but, once increased, may not be decreased.
The base salary in effect at any given time is referred to herein as “Base Salary.” The Base Salary shall be payable in a manner that is consistent with the Company’s usual payroll practices for senior executives.
Until the Company consummates its Initial (Alternative) Public Offering, the Company may defer up to 20% of the Base Salary for a maximum of 1 year, depending upon cash needs of the Company.
Company also agrees to set aside in escrow or other irrevocable trust, an amount equal to one hundred fifty thousand dollars ($150,000) as reserved salary (“Reserve”) for the Executive in the event the Company becomes insolvent or otherwise unable to meet its’ ongoing obligations, and represents an amount equal to part A of the Severance Amount stipulated in 5.b.i below.
The sole intent of this Reserve is intended to secure the Executive’s salary (including fringe and taxes).
(b) Incentive Compensation.
During the Term, the Executive shall be eligible to receive annual cash incentive compensation (“Annual Cash Incentive Compensation”) as determined by performance goals established by the Board of Directors of the Company, upon consultation with the Executive.
The Executive’s maximum Annual Cash Incentive Compensation shall be One hundred percent (100%) of the Base Salary.
The Annual Cash Incentive Compensation for the initial year of Initial Term shall be pro-rated.
If earned, Annual Cash Incentive Compensation for any calendar year will be payable within 75 days after the end of such year.
As a material inducement to the Executive’s accepting employment with the Company and entering into this Agreement, on the Effective Date, the Executive shall be granted an aggregate of 4.5 million (4,500,000) shares of common stock (the “Initial Equity Award”).
(d) Signing Bonus.
In addition to Initial Equity Award, and payable within 30 days of the Effective Date, the Executive shall receive a cash signing bonus equal to One hundred thousand dollars ($100,000) issued through normal payroll procedures (“Signing Bonus”).
This bonus may be deferred at the sole discretion of the Company and instead paid in 6 equal monthly installments beginning with the first month following the Effective Date.
(e) Equity Compensation.
During the Initial Term, the Executive shall be eligible to receive equity compensation of a minimum of 4.5 million shares as determined by performance goals established by the Board of Directors upon consultation with the Executive.
For each calendar year during the Term beginning in 2018, the Executive will be eligible to receive annual equity grants as defined in Exhibit II.
(f) Expenses.
The Executive shall be entitled to receive prompt reimbursement for any and all (i) reasonable expenses incurred by him during the Term in performing services hereunder, in accordance with the policies and procedures then in effect and established by the Company for its senior executive officers.
Any reimbursement that the Executive is entitled to receive shall (i) be paid as soon as practicable and in any event no later than the last day of the Executive’s tax year following the tax year in which the expense was incurred, (ii) not be affected by any other expenses that are eligible for reimbursement in any tax year, and (iii) not be subject to liquidation or exchange for another benefit.
During the Term and beginning on the Effective Date, the Executive shall be entitled to accrue up to five (5) weeks paid vacation for each full calendar year of employment, which shall be accrued ratably.
Such benefit shall include routine expenses such as fuel, maintenance, insurance, etc.
(ii) a reduction in the Executive’s Base Salary or Annual Incentive Cash Compensation, each as in effect on the date hereof or as the same may be increased from time to time hereafter; or
(i) the Company shall pay the Executive an amount equal to one times the sum of (A) the Executive’s Base Salary plus (B) the Executive’s Annual Incentive Cash Compensation (the “Severance Amount”).
Each payment pursuant to this Section 5(b) is intended to constitute a separate payment for purposes of Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-2(b)(2).
Change in Control Payment.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Change in Control does not constitute a change in the ownership or effective control of the Company, or in the ownership of a substantial portion of the assets of the Company, within the meaning of Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”), the amount of cash severance payable under Section 6(b)(i) equal to the Severance Amount under Section 5(b)(i) shall be paid in equal installments in accordance with the Company’s then payroll practice over a 24-month period, and
the balance shall be paid in a lump sum payment.
Solely for purposes of Section 409A of the Code, each installment payment is considered a separate payment.
(i) Anything in this Agreement to the contrary notwithstanding, in the event that the amount of any compensation, payment or distribution by the Company to or for the benefit of the Executive, whether paid or payable or distributed or distributable pursuant to the terms of this Agreement or otherwise, calculated in a manner consistent with Section 280G of the Code and the applicable regulations thereunder (the “Aggregate Payments”), would be subject to the excise tax imposed by Section 4999 of the Code, then the Aggregate Payments shall be reduced (but not below zero) so that the sum of all of the Aggregate Payments shall be $1.00 less than the amount at which the Executive becomes subject to the excise tax imposed by Section 4999 of the Code; provided that such reduction shall only occur if it would result in the Executive receiving a higher After Tax Amount (as defined below) than the Executive would receive if the Aggregate Payments were not subject to such reduction.
In such event, the Aggregate Payments shall be reduced in the following order, in each case, in reverse chronological order beginning with the Aggregate Payments that are to be paid the furthest in time from consummation of the transaction that is subject to Section 280G of the Code: (1) cash payments not subject to Section 409A of the Code; (2) cash payments subject to Section 409A of the Code; (3) equity-based payments and acceleration; and (4) non-cash forms of benefits; provided that in the case of all the foregoing Aggregate Payments all amounts or payments that are not subject to calculation under Treas.
If any such delayed cash payment is otherwise payable on an installment basis, the first payment shall include a catch-up payment covering amounts that would otherwise have been paid during the six-month period but for the application of this provision, and the balance of the installments shall be payable in accordance with their original schedule.
All reimbursements shall be paid as soon as administratively practicable, but in no event shall any reimbursement be paid after the last day of the taxable year following the taxable year in which the expense was incurred.
Each payment pursuant to this
Agreement is intended to constitute a separate payment for purposes of Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-2(b)(2).
Any cooperation pursuant to this Section 8(b) is subject to the Company’s obligation to (i) reimburse the Executive for any expenses incurred during activities reasonably performed at the Company’s request pursuant to this Section 8(b), subject to the same standards and procedures as apply to business expense reimbursements
pursuant to the Company’s Travel and Expense reimbursement policy, and (ii) compensate the Executive at a daily rate equal to the sum of the Executive’s annual Base Salary as of the date of the Executive’s separation from employment and the Executive’s Annual Incentive Cash Compensation, divided by 365, to the extent that the Executive reasonably expends any time in performing activities at the Company’s request pursuant to this Section 8(b) at any time after the Executive’s separation from employment; provided that the Executive acknowledges that he shall not at any time be entitled to compensation for time spent in activities that could have been compelled pursuant to a subpoena, including testimony and related attendance at depositions, hearings or trials.
Attorney’s Fees.
The Company shall pay the Executive’s reasonable attorney’s fees incurred in the preparation and negotiation of this Agreement up to a maximum of $5,000.
Ongoing Obligations.
Any cooperation pursuant to this Section 3 is subject to the Company’s obligation to (i) reimburse me for any expenses incurred during activities reasonably performed at the Company’s request pursuant to this Section 3, subject to the same standards and procedures as apply to business expense reimbursements pursuant to the Company’s Travel and Expense reimbursement policy, and (ii) compensate me at a daily rate equal to the sum of my annual base salary as of my separation from employment and my “Annual Incentive Compensation”, each as defined in the Employment Agreement, divided by 365 to the extent that I reasonably expend any time in performing activities at the Company’s request pursuant to this Section 3 at any time more than two years after my separation from employment; provided that I acknowledge that I shall not at any time be entitled to compensation for time spent in activities that could have been compelled pursuant to a subpoena, including testimony and related attendance at depositions, hearings or trials.
