Buyer desires to purchase and the Company desires to issue and sell, upon the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement an 8% convertible note of the Company, in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A in the aggregate principal amount of $140,000.00 (together with any note(s) issued in replacement thereof or as a dividend thereon or otherwise with respect thereto in accordance with the terms thereof, the “Note”), convertible into shares of common stock, of the Company (the “Common Stock”), upon the terms and subject to the limitations and conditions set forth in such Note.
The Note shall contain an original issue discount of $14,000 such that the purchase price shall be $126,000.
C. The Buyer wishes to purchase, upon the terms and conditions stated in this Agreement, such principal amount of Note as is set forth immediately below its name on the signature pages hereto; and
Purchase and Sale of Note.
Purchase of Note.
Form of Payment.
On the Closing Date (as defined below), (i) the Buyer shall pay the purchase price for the Note to be issued and sold to it at the Closing (as defined below) (the “Purchase Price”) by wire transfer of immediately available funds to the Company, in accordance with the Company’s written wiring instructions, against delivery of the Note in the principal amount equal to the Purchase Price as is set forth immediately below the Buyer’s name on the signature pages hereto, and (ii) the Company shall deliver such duly executed Note on behalf of the Company, to the Buyer, against delivery of such Purchase Price.
c. Issuance of Shares.
Expenses.
At the Closing, the Company shall reimburse Buyer for expenses incurred by them in connection with the negotiation, preparation, execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the other agreements to be executed in connection herewith (“Documents”), including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys’ and consultants’ fees and expenses, transfer agent fees, fees for stock quotation services, fees relating to any amendments or modifications of the Documents or any consents or waivers of provisions in the Documents, fees for the preparation of opinions of counsel, escrow fees, and costs of restructuring the transactions contemplated by the Documents.
When possible, the Company must pay these fees directly, otherwise the Company must make immediate payment for reimbursement to the Buyer for all fees and expenses immediately upon written notice by the Buyer or the submission of an invoice by the Buyer.
AGGREGATE SUBSCRIPTION AMOUNT:  Note: $140,000.00 less $14,000.00 in original issue discount, less $6,000.00 in legal fees.
EXHIBIT ANOTE-$140,000
 THIS NOTE AND THE COMMON STOCK ISSUABLE UPON CONVERSION OF THIS NOTE HAVE NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED WITH THE UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION OR THE SECURITIES COMMISSION OF ANY STATE PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION PROVIDED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, AND THE RULES AND REGULATIONS PROMULGATED THEREUNDER (THE “1933 ACT”) US $140,000.00 MPHASE TECHNOLOGIES, INC.8% CONVERTIBLE REDEEMABLE NOTE DUE JANUARY 25, 2022 FOR VALUE RECEIVED, MPHASE TECHNOLOGIES, INC. (the “Company”) promises to pay to the order of [___] and its authorized successors and permitted assigns (“Holder”), the aggregate principal face amount of One Hundred Forty Thousand Dollars exactly (U.S. $140,000.00) on JANUARY 25, 2022 (“Maturity Date”) and to pay interest on the principal amount outstanding hereunder at the rate of 8% per annum commencing on JANUARY 25, 2021 (“Issuance Date”).
This Note shall contain an original issue discount of $14,000, such that the purchase price is $126,000.
The interest will be paid to the Holder in whose name this Note is registered on the records of the Company regarding registration and transfers of this Note.
The principal of, and interest on, this Note are payable at [___], initially, and if changed, last appearing on the records of the Company as designated in writing by the Holder hereof from time to time.
The Company will pay each interest payment and the outstanding principal due upon this Note before or on the Maturity Date, less any amounts required by law to be deducted or withheld, to the Holder of this Note by check or wire transfer addressed to such Holder at the last address appearing on the records of the Company.
The forwarding of such check or wire transfer shall constitute a payment of outstanding principal hereunder and shall satisfy and discharge the liability for principal on this Note to the extent of the sum represented by such check or wire transfer.
Interest shall be payable in Common Stock (as defined below) pursuant to paragraph 4(b) herein.
(a) The Holder of this Note is entitled, at its option, at any time after cash payment, to convert all or any amount of the principal face amount of this Note then out- standing into shares of the Company’s common stock (the “Common Stock”) at a price (“Conversion Price”) for each share of Common Stock equal to 60% of the lowest closing price of the Common Stock as reported on the National Quotations Bureau OTC Marketplace exchange which the Company’s shares are traded or any exchange upon which the Common Stock may be traded in the future (“Exchange”), for the fifteen prior trading days including the day upon which a Notice of Conversion is received by the Company or its transfer agent (provided such Notice of Conversion is delivered by fax or other electronic method of communication to the Company or its transfer agent after 4 P.M. Eastern Standard or Daylight Savings Time if the Holder wishes to include the same day closing price).
Accrued but unpaid interest shall be subject to conversion.
To the extent the Conversion Price of the Company’s Common Stock closes below the par value per share, the Company will take all steps necessary to solicit the consent of the stockholders to reduce the par value to the lowest value possible under law.
In the event the Company experiences a DTC “Chill” on its shares, the Conversion Price shall be decreased to 50% instead of 60% while that “Chill” is in effect.
The conversion discount and look back period will be adjusted on a ratchet basis if the Company offers a more favorable conversion discount, interest rate, (whether through a straight discount or in combination with an original issue discount), look back period or other more favorable term to another party for any financings while this Note is in effect.
(b) Interest on any unpaid principal balance of this Note shall be paid at the rate of 8% per annum.
Interest shall be paid by the Company in Common Stock (“Interest Shares”).
Any partial prepayments will be made in accordance with the formula set forth in the chart above with respect to principal, premium and interest.
The Company hereby expressly waives demand and presentment for payment, notice of non-payment, protest, notice of protest, notice of dishonor, notice of acceleration or intent to accelerate, and diligence in taking any action to collect amounts called for hereunder and shall be directly and primarily liable for the payment of all sums owing and to be owing hereto.
The Company agrees to pay all costs and expenses, including reasonable attorneys’ fees and expenses, which may be incurred by the Holder in collecting any amount due under this Note.
Upon an Event of Default, interest shall accrue at a default interest rate of 24% per annum or, if such rate is usurious or not permitted by current law, then at the highest rate of interest permitted by law.
In the event of a breach of Section 8(k) the penalty shall be $250 per day the shares are not issued beginning on the 4th day after the conversion notice was delivered to the Company.
This penalty shall increase to $500 per day beginning on the 10th day.
The penalty for a breach of Section 8(n) shall be an increase of the outstanding principal amounts by 20%.
In the event of a breach of Section 8(l) occurs beginning on the 160th daily anniversary of the Note, or a breach of Section 8(m) occurs or is continuing after the 6 month anniversary of the Note, then the Holder shall be entitled to use the lowest closing bid price during the breach period as a base price for the conversion.
For example, if the lowest closing bid price during the breach period is $0.01 per share and the conversion discount is 50% the Holder may elect to convert future conversions at $0.005 per share.
The Company shall issue irrevocable transfer agent instructions reserving 7,179,480 shares of its Common Stock for conversions under this Note (the “Share Reserve”).
If such amounts are to be paid by the Holder, it may deduct such amounts from the principal amount being converted.
The Holder may reasonably request increases from time to time to re- serve such amounts.
EXHIBIT A NOTICE OF CONVERSION (To be Executed by the Registered Holder in order to Convert the Note) The undersigned hereby irrevocably elects to convert $___________________________of the above Note into ____________________________Shares of Common Stock of MPHASE TECHNOLOGIES, INC. (“Shares”) according to the conditions set forth in such Note, as of the date written below.
