Exhibit 10.3
2.5 Relocation Assistance.
Unless the Executive provides written notification of an event described in the definition of Good Reason within 90 days after the Executive has actual knowledge of the occurrence of any such event, the Executive shall be deemed to have consented thereto and such event shall no longer constitute Good Reason for purposes of this Agreement.
Any termination of employment under this Agreement by the Company or the Executive requiring a notice of termination shall require delivery of a written notice by one party to the other party (a “Notice of Termination”).
The date of termination specified in the Notice of Termination shall comply with the time periods required under this Article IV, and may in no event be earlier than the date such Notice of Termination is delivered to or received by the party getting the notice.
(c) The independent public accounting firm serving as the Company’s auditing firm, or such other accounting firm, law firm or professional consulting services provider of national reputation and experience reasonably acceptable to the Company and Executive (the “Accountants”) shall make in writing in good faith all calculations and determinations under this Section 5.9, including the assumptions to be used in arriving at any calculations.
The Company and Executive shall furnish to the Accountants and each other such information and documents as the Accountants and each other may reasonably request to make the calculations and determinations under this Section 5.9.
6.3 Confidential Information.
(a) The Executive shall promptly and fully disclose to the Company any and all ideas, improvements, discoveries and inventions, whether or not they are believed to be patentable (“Inventions”), that the Executive conceives of or first actually reduces to practice, either solely or jointly with others, during the Executive’s employment with the Company or any other member of the Parent Group, and that relate to the business now or thereafter carried on or contemplated by any member of the Parent Group or that result from any work performed by the Executive for any member of the Parent Group.
6.5 Return of Documents and Property.
Upon termination of the Executive’s employment for any reason, the Executive (or his heirs or personal representatives) shall immediately deliver to the Company (a) all documents and materials containing Confidential Information (including without limitation any “soft” copies or computerized or electronic versions thereof) or otherwise containing information relating to the business and affairs of any member of the Parent Group (whether or not confidential), and (b) all other documents, materials and other property belonging to any member of the Parent Group that are in the possession or under the control of the Executive.
8
7.1 Notices.
Any notice required or permitted under this Agreement shall be given in writing and shall be deemed to have been effectively made or given if personally delivered, or if sent via U.S. mail or recognized overnight delivery service or sent via confirmed e-mail or facsimile to the other party at its address set forth below in this Section 7.1, or at such other address as such party may designate by written notice to the other party hereto.
Any effective notice hereunder shall be deemed given on the date personally delivered, three business days after mailed via U.S. mail or one business day after it is sent via overnight delivery service or via confirmed e-mail or facsimile, as the case may be, to the following address:
Attn: Senior Vice President, General Counsel and
Corporate Secretary
3451 Plano Pkwy
Facsimile: 704-948-2690
E-mail: JeffSchumm@orthofix.com
With a copy which shall not constitute notice to:
555 Thirteenth Street, N.W.
Washington, D.C. 20004
Facsimile: (202) 637-5910
Email: joseph.gilligan@hoganlovells.com
At the most recent address on file with the Company
If the Executive notifies the Company in writing (with specificity as to the reason therefore) that the Executive believes that any provision of this Agreement (or of any award of compensation, including equity compensation or benefits) would cause the Executive to incur any additional tax or interest under Section 409A and the Company concurs with such belief or the Company (without any obligation whatsoever to do so) independently makes such determination, the parties shall, in good faith, reform such provision to try to comply with Code Section 409A through good faith modifications to the minimum extent reasonably appropriate to conform with Code Section 409A.
/s/ Bradley R. Mason
/s/ Raymond Fujikawa
/s/ Bradley R Mason
14
16
RELEASE
GENERAL RELEASE.
17
I understand that for a period ending at the end of the seventh calendar day following my execution of this Release (“Revocation Period”), I shall have the right to revoke this Release by delivering a written notice of revocation to Jeffrey M. Schumm, Orthofix Inc. Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary, 3451 Plano Pkwy, Lewisville, TX 75056 no later than the end of the seventh calendar day after I sign this Release.
I also represent and warrant that, on or before my last date of employment, I  will have delivered to the Company (a) all documents and materials containing confidential information (including without limitation any “soft” copies or computerized or electronic versions thereof) or otherwise containing information relating to the business and affairs of any member of the Company Group (whether or not confidential), and (b) all other documents, materials and other property belonging to any member of the Company Group that are or were in my possession or under my control.
18
/s/ Raymond Fujikawa
Raymond Fujikawa
7/16/13
By:
/s/ Bradley R. Mason
