Dear Sirs:
If so stated in the Prospectus Supplement, the Company will file with the Commission within four business days of the issuance of the Underwritten Certificates a report on Form 8-K (“8-K”) setting forth specific information concerning the Mortgage Pool and the Underwritten Certificates to the extent that such information is not set forth in the Prospectus Supplement.
Purchase and Sale.
Delivery and Payment.
Delivery of and payment for the Underwritten Certificates shall be made in the manner, at the location(s), on the Closing Date at the time specified in Schedule I hereto (or such later date not later than ten business days after such specified date as you shall designate), which date and time may be changed by agreement between you and the Company or as provided in Section 10 hereof.
Delivery of the Underwritten Certificates shall be made either directly to you or through the facilities of The Depository Trust Company (“DTC”), as specified in Schedule I hereto, for the respective accounts of the Underwriters against payment by the respective Underwriters of the purchase price therefor in immediately available funds wired to such bank as may be designated by the Company, or such other manner of payment as may be agreed upon by the Company and you.
Any Class of Underwritten Certificates to be delivered through the facilities of DTC shall be represented by one or more global Certificates registered in the name of Cede & Co., as nominee of DTC, which global Certificate(s) shall be placed in the custody of DTC not later than 10:00 a.m. (New York City time) on the Closing Date pursuant to a custodial arrangement to be entered into between the Trustee or its agent and DTC.
Unless delivered through the facilities of DTC, the Underwritten Certificates shall be in fully registered certificated form, in such denominations and registered in such names as you may have requested in writing not less than one full business day in advance of the Closing Date.
                    The Company agrees to have the Underwritten Certificates, including the global Certificates representing the Underwritten Certificates to be delivered through the facilities of DTC, available for inspection, checking and, if applicable, packaging by you in New York, New York, not later than the close of business (New York City time) on the business day preceding the Closing Date.
                    (b)      Each Underwriter may prepare and provide to prospective investors certain Computational Materials, ABS Term Sheets, Structural Term Sheets or Collateral Term Sheets in connection with its offering of the Certificates, subject to the following conditions:
Such Underwriter shall provide to the Company, for filing on Form 8-K as provided in Section 5(g), copies (in such format as required by the Company) of all Computational Materials and Term Sheets delivered by such Underwriter.
The Underwriter may provide copies of the foregoing in a consolidated or aggregated form including all information required to be filed.
All Computational Materials and Term Sheets described in this subsection (iv) must be provided to the Company (a) in paper or electronic format suitable for filing with the Commission and (b) not later than 10:00 a.m. (New York City time) on a business day that is not less than one business day before filing thereof is required pursuant to the terms of the No Action Letters.
                    (vi)        If, within the period during which the Prospectus relating to the Underwritten Certificates is required to be delivered under the 1933 Act, any Computational Materials or Term Sheets are determined, in the reasonable judgment of the Company or such Underwriter, to contain a material error or, when read together with the Prospectus, a material omission, then (unless the material error or omission was corrected in the Prospectus) the Underwriter shall prepare a corrected version of such Computational Materials or Term Sheets, shall circulate such corrected Computational Materials or Term Sheets to all recipients of the prior versions thereof, and shall deliver copies of such corrected Computational Materials or Term Sheets (marked, “as corrected”) to the Company for filing with the Commission in a subsequent Form 8-K submission (subject to the Company’s obtaining an accountant’s comfort letter in respect of such corrected Computational Materials and Term Sheets, which shall be at the expense of such Underwriter).
                    (viii)      In the event of any delay in the delivery by such Underwriter to the Company of all Computational Materials and Term Sheets required to be delivered in accordance with subsection (iv) above, the Company shall have the right to delay the release of the Prospectus to investors or to the Underwriter, to delay the Closing Date and to take other appropriate actions in each case as necessary in order to allow the Company to comply with its agreement set forth in Section 5(g) to file the Computational Materials and Term Sheets by the time specified therein.
                    (ix)        Computational Materials and Term Sheets may be distributed by the Underwriter through electronic means in accordance with SEC Release No.
                    (c)      The Company will furnish to you and to counsel for the Underwriters, without charge, signed copies of the Registration Statement (including exhibits thereto) and each amendment thereto which shall become effective on or prior to the Closing Date, and, upon request, to each other Underwriter a copy of the Registration Statement (without exhibits thereto) and each such amendment and, so long as delivery of a prospectus by an Underwriter or dealer may be required by the 1933 Act, as many copies of any Preliminary Prospectus Supplement, the Prospectus Supplement and the Base Prospectus and any amendments and supplements thereto as you may reasonably request.
The Company will also file with the Commission a report on Form 8-K setting forth all Computational Materials and Term Sheets provided to the Company by an Underwriter and identified by it as such within the time period allotted for such filing pursuant to the No Action Letters; provided, however, that prior to such filing of the Computational Materials and Term Sheets by the Company, each Underwriter must comply with its obligations pursuant to Section 4(b).
The Company shall file any corrected Computational Materials described in Section 4(b)(vi) as soon as practicable following receipt thereof.
                    (b)      You shall have received from Cadwalader, Wickersham & Taft LLP, counsel for the Underwriters, a favorable opinion, dated the Closing Date, as to such matters regarding the Underwritten Certificates as you may reasonably request.
                    (c)      The Company shall have delivered to you a certificate of the Company, signed by an authorized officer of the Company and dated the Closing Date, to the effect that:  (i) the representations and warranties of the Company in this Agreement are true and correct in all material respects at and as of the Closing Date with the same effect as if made on the Closing Date; and (ii) the Company has in all material respects complied with all the agreements and satisfied all the conditions on its part that are required hereby to be performed or satisfied at or prior to the Closing Date; and Wachovia shall have delivered to you a certificate of Wachovia, signed by an authorized officer of Wachovia and dated the Closing Date, of the President, a Senior Vice President or a Vice President of Wachovia, to the effect that:  (i) the representations and warranties of Wachovia in this Agreement are true and correct in all material respects at and as of the Closing Date with the same effect as if made on the Closing Date; and (ii) Wachovia has, in all material respects, complied with all the agreements and satisfied all the conditions on its part to be performed or satisfied hereunder at or prior to the Closing Date.
                    (d)      You shall have received (i) with respect to Wachovia, a certificate of the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency and (ii) with respect to the Company a good standing certificate from the Secretary of State of the State of North Carolina, each dated not earlier than 30 days prior to the Closing Date.
                    (e)      (i)          You shall have received from the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary of the Company, in his individual capacity, a certificate, dated the Closing Date, to the effect that:  (x) each individual who, as an officer or representative of the Company, signed this Agreement, or any other document or certificate delivered on or before the Closing Date in connection with the transactions contemplated herein, was at the respective times of such signing and delivery, and is as of the Closing Date, duly elected or appointed, qualified and acting as such officer or representative, and the signatures of such persons appearing on such documents and certificates are their genuine signatures; and (y) no event (including, without limitation, any act or omission on the part of the Company) has occurred since the date of the good standing certificate referred to in paragraph 6(d) above which has affected the good standing of the Company under the laws of the State of North Carolina.
Such certificate shall be accompanied by true and complete copies (certified as such by the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary of the Company) of the certificate of incorporation and by laws of the Company, as in effect on the Closing Date, and of the resolutions of the Company and any required shareholder consent relating to the transactions contemplated in this Agreement; and (ii) you shall have received from the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary of Wachovia, in his individual capacity, a certificate, dated the Closing Date, to the effect that:  (x) each individual who, as an officer or representative of Wachovia, signed this Agreement or any other document or certificate delivered on or before the Closing Date in connection with the transactions contemplated herein, was at the respective times of such signing and delivery, and is as of the Closing Date, duly elected or appointed, qualified and acting as such officer or representative, and the signatures of such persons appearing on such documents and certificates are their genuine signatures; and (y) no event (including, without limitation, any act or omission on the part of Wachovia) has occurred since the date of the certificate referred to in paragraph 6(d) above which has affected the existence of Wachovia under the laws of the United States of America.
Such certificate shall be accompanied by true and complete copies (certified as such by the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary of Wachovia) of the articles of association and by laws of Wachovia, as in effect on the Closing Date, and of the resolutions of Wachovia and any required shareholder consent relating to the transactions contemplated in this Agreement.
                    (f)      You shall have received from Dechert LLP, special counsel for the Company, one or more favorable opinions, dated the Closing Date and satisfactory in form and substance to you and counsel for the Underwriters substantially to the effect that:
                    (g)      You shall have received from Lars A. Carlsten, counsel for Wachovia, a favorable opinion, dated the Closing Date and satisfactory in form and substance to you and counsel for the Underwriters, to the effect that:
                    (h)      You shall have received from KPMG LLP, certified public accountants, letters satisfactory in form and substance to you and counsel for the Underwriters, to the following effect:
                    (ii)         You shall have received written confirmation from the Rating Agencies that the ratings assigned to the Underwritten Certificates on the Closing Date are as described on Schedule I hereto and that, as of the Closing Date, no notice has been given of (i) any intended or possible downgrading or (ii) any review or possible changes in such ratings.
                    (j)       You shall have received from the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary of the Trustee, in his individual capacity, a certificate, dated the Closing Date, to the effect that the information under the heading “Description of the Certificates—The Trustee” in the Prospectus Supplement is true and correct in all material respects.
                    (k)      You shall have received from Kennedy, Covington, Lobdell & Hickman, LLP, counsel for the Trustee, a favorable opinion, dated the Closing Date, in form and substance satisfactory to the Underwriters and counsel for the Underwriters.
                    (l)      You shall have received from the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary of the Master Servicer, in his individual capacity, a certificate, dated the Closing Date, to the effect that the information relating to the Master Servicer under the heading “Servicing of the Mortgage Loans—The Master Servicer and the Special Servicer” in the Prospectus Supplement, is true and correct in all material respects.
                    (m)     You shall have received from Parker Poe Adams & Bernstein L.L.P., counsel for the Master Servicer, a favorable opinion, dated the Closing Date, in form and substance satisfactory to the Underwriters and counsel for the Underwriters.
                    (n)      You shall have received from the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary of the Special Servicer, in his individual capacity, a certificate, dated the Closing Date, to the effect that the information relating to the Special Servicer under the heading “Servicing of the Mortgage Loans—The Master Servicer and the Special Servicer” in the Prospectus Supplement, is true and correct in all material respects.
                    (o)      You shall have received from Kilpatrick Stockton LLP, counsel for the Special Servicer, a favorable opinion, dated the Closing Date, in form and substance satisfactory to the Underwriters and counsel for the Underwriters.
                    (p)      You shall have received from Lars A. Carlsten, counsel for Wachovia, as Mortgage Loan Seller and Master Servicer, a favorable opinion, dated the Closing Date, in form and substance satisfactory to the Underwriters and counsel for the Underwriters.
                    (q)      You shall have received copies of any opinions from Dechert LLP, special counsel to the Company and Wachovia, supplied to the Rating Agencies relating to certain matters with respect to the Underwritten Certificates, the transfer of the Mortgage Loans and any other matters related thereto.
Any such opinions shall be dated the Closing Date and addressed to the Underwriters.
                    (s)      You shall have received from an officer of Wachovia Bank, National Association, as swap counterparty (in such capacity, the “Swap Counterparty”), in his individual capacity, a certificate, dated the Closing Date, to the effect that certain information relating to the Swap Counterparty under the heading “Description of the Swap Counterparty” in the Prospectus Supplement, is true and correct in all material respects.
                    (t)      You shall have received from Julie Caperton, counsel for the Swap Counterparty, a favorable opinion, dated the Closing Date, in form and substance satisfactory to the Underwriters and counsel for the Underwriters.
Notice of such cancellation shall be given to the Company in writing, or by telephone or telegraph confirmed in writing.
Notices.
All notices and other communications hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given if mailed or transmitted by any standard form of telecommunication.
Notice to Wachovia Securities shall be directed to it at Wachovia Capital Markets, LLC, 301 South College Street, One Wachovia Center, Charlotte, North Carolina 28288-0630, Attention:  Mr. William J. Cohane with a copy to Lars A. Carlsten, Esq.
at 301 South College Street, One Wachovia Center, Legal Division, Charlotte, NC 28288-0630; notice to Citigroup Global Markets Inc. shall be directed to it at 388 Greenwich Street, 11th Floor, New York, New York 10013, Attention: Ms. Angela Vleck; notice to Credit Suisse First Boston shall be directed to it at Credit Suisse First Boston LLC, 11 Madison Avenue, New York, NY 10010, Attention: Mr. Jeffrey Altabef, with a copy to Legal Compliance Department at the same address; notice to Wachovia shall be directed to it at 301 South College Street, One Wachovia Center, Charlotte, North Carolina 28288-0166, Attention:  Mr. William J. Cohane, and notice to the Company shall be directed to it at Wachovia Commercial Mortgage Securities, Inc., 301 South College Street, One
Wachovia Center, Charlotte, North Carolina 28288-0166, Attention: President; with copies in the case of the Company and Wachovia to Lars A. Carlsten, Esq.
at 301 South College Street, One Wachovia Center, Legal Division, Charlotte, North Carolina 28288-0630; or such other address as may hereafter be furnished by the Underwriters, Wachovia or the Company to the other such parties in writing.
No amendment of any provision of this Agreement shall be effective unless it is in writing and signed by the parties hereto.
                    If the foregoing is in accordance with your understanding of our agreement, please sign and return to us a counterpart hereof, whereupon this letter and your acceptance shall represent a binding agreement among the Company, Wachovia and the several Underwriters.
Title, Purchase Price and Description of Underwritten Certificates:
5.0200
Closing Date and Location:  10:00 a.m. (New York City time) on June 30, 2005, at the offices of Dechert LLP, Charlotte, North Carolina; except that delivery of the Underwritten Certificates shall be made through the facilities of The Depository Trust Company.
Underwriting Agreement dated June 22, 2005
