WHEREAS:
NOW THEREFORE, the Company and the Buyer severally (and not jointly) hereby agree as follows:
Purchase and Sale of Securities.
Purchase of Securities, Draw Down.
In no event may any Reg A Purchase be in an amount that would result in the beneficial ownership of more than 9.99% of the outstanding stock of the Company by Buyer.
In the event that Buyer elects to exchange the Commitment Note for purchase of shares from the Reg A Offering, said shares shall be issued free of restrictive legend and will be deemed qualified shares.
For the avoidance of doubt, Commitment Note shall be fully earned as of the Closing Date, regardless of whether any Reg A Purchases are issued by the Company or settled hereunder.
For the avoidance of doubt, all of the Commitment Shares and Commitment Note shall be fully earned as of the Closing Date, regardless of whether any Reg A Purchases are issued by the Company or settled hereunder.
Buyer shall have registration rights with respect to all Securities underlying this Agreement, which are issuable upon the Buyer' s Reg A Purchase of the Company's Common Stock.
The Company shall file a Form FORM 1-A Offering Circular within three (3) months of the execution of this Agreement, in order to register all Common Shares underlying this Agreement.
There shall be no cost or expense on behalf of Buyer related to the registration of the shares underlying this Agreement.
The Company must ensure that the Offering Circular, once effective, remains effective at all times, not subject to any actual or threatened stop order or suspension.
Buyer's Representations and Warranties.
The Buyer represents and warrants to the Company that:
Investment Purpose.
As of the date hereof, the Buyer is purchasing the Securities for its own account and not with a present view towards the public sale or distribution thereof, except pursuant to sales registered or exempted from registration under the 1933 Act; provided, however, that by making the representations herein, the Buyer does not agree to hold any of the Securities for any minimum or other specific term and reserves the right to dispose of the Securities at any time in accordance with or pursuant to a Offering Circular or an exemption under the 1933 Act.
Accredited Investor Status.
The Buyer is an "accredited investor" as that term is defined in Rule 50l(a) of Regulation D (an ''Accredited Investor").
c. Reliance on Exemptions.
The Buyer understands that the Securities are being offered and sold to it in reliance upon specific exemptions from the registration requirements of United States federal and state securities laws and that the Company is relying upon the truth and accuracy of, and the Buyer's compliance with, the representations, warranties, agreements, acknowledgments and understandings of the Buyer set forth herein in order to determine the availability of such exemptions and the eligibility of the Buyer to acquire the Securities.
The Buyer and its advisors, if any, have been, and for so long as the Securities remain outstanding will continue to be, furnished with all materials relating to the business, finances and operations of the Company and materials relating to the offer and sale of the Securities which have been requested by the Buyer or its advisors.
The Buyer and its advisors, if any, have been, and for so long as the Securities remain outstanding will continue to be, afforded the opportunity to ask questions of the Company.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company has not disclosed to the Buyer any material nonpublic information and will not disclose such information unless such information is disclosed to the public prior to or promptly following such disclosure to the Buyer.
Neither such inquiries nor any other due diligence investigation conducted by Buyer or any of its advisors or representatives shall modify, amend or affect Buyer's right to rely on the Company's representations and warranties contained in Section 3 below.
The Buyer understands that its investment in the Securities involves a significant degree of risk.
The Buyer is not aware of any facts that may constitute a breach of any of the Company's representations and warranties made herein.
The Buyer understands that no United States federal or state agency or any other government or governmental agency has passed upon or made any recommendation or endorsement of the Securities.
Notwithstanding the foregoing or anything else contained herein to the contrary, the Securities may be pledged as collateral in connection with a bona fide margin account or other lending arrangement.
The Buyer understands that the Securities and, until such time as the Shares have been registered under the 1933 Act may be sold pursuant to Rule 144 or Regulation S without any restriction as to the number of securities as of a particular date that can then be immediately sold, the Shares may bear a restrictive legend in substantially the following form (and a stop-transfer order may be placed against transfer of the certificates for such Securities):
"NEITHER THE ISSUANCE AND SALE OF THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE NOR THE SECURITIES INTO WHICH THESE SECURITIES ARE EXERCISABLE HAVE BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS.
THE SECURITIES MAY NOT BE OFFERED FOR SALE, SOLD, TRANSFERRED OR ASSIGNED (I) IN THE ABSENCE OF (A) AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT FOR THE SECURITIES UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR (B) AN OPINION OF COUNSEL (WHICH COUNSEL SHALL BE SELECTED BY THE HOLDER), IN A GENERALLY ACCEPTABLE FORM, THAT REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED UNDER SAID ACT OR (II) UNLESS SOLD PURSUANT TO RULE 144 OR RULE 144A UNDER SAID ACT.
NOTWITHSTANDING THE FOREGOING, THE SECURITIES MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT OR OTHER LOAN OR FINANCING ARRANGEMENT SECURED BY THE SECURITIES."
The legend set forth above shall be removed and the Company shall issue a certificate without such legend to the holder of any Security upon which it is stamped, if, unless otherwise required by applicable state securities laws, (a) such Security is registered for sale under an effective registration statement filed under the 1933 Act or otherwise may be sold pursuant to Rule 144 or Regulation S without any restriction as to the number of securities as of a particular date that can then be immediately sold, or (b) such holder provides the Company with an opinion of counsel, in form, substance and scope customary for opinions of counsel in comparable transactions, to the effect that a public sale or transfer of such Security may be made without registration under the 1933 Act, which opinion shall be accepted by the Company so that the sale or transfer is effected.
In the event that the Company does not accept the opinion of counsel provided by the Buyer with respect to the transfer of Securities pursuant to an exemption from registration, such as Rule 144 or Regulation S, at the Deadline, it will be considered an Event of Default pursuant to Section 3.2 of the Securities.
This Agreement has been duly and validly authorized.
This Agreement has been duly executed and delivered on behalf of the Buyer, and this Agreement constitutes a valid and binding agreement of the Buyer enforceable in accordance with its terms.
The Buyer is a resident of the jurisdiction set forth immediately below the Buyer's name on the signature pages hereto.
Representations and Warranties of the Company.
The Company represents and warrants to the Buyer that:
Organization and Qualification.
The Company and each of its Subsidiaries (as defined below), if any, is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction in which it is incorporated, with full power and authority (corporate and other) to own, lease, use and operate its properties and to carry on its business as and where now owned, leased, used, operated and conducted.
Schedule 3(a) sets forth a list of all of the Subsidiaries of the Company and the jurisdiction in which each is incorporated.
The Company and each of its Subsidiaries is duly qualified as a foreign corporation to do business and is in good standing in every jurisdiction in which its ownership or use of property or the nature of the business conducted by it makes such qualification necessary except where the failure to be so qualified or in good standing would not have a Material Adverse Effect.
'Material Adverse Effect" means any material adverse effect on the business, operations, assets, financial condition or prospects of the Company or its Subsidiaries, if any, taken as a whole, or on the transactions contemplated hereby or by the agreements or instruments to be entered into in connection herewith.
"Subsidiaries" means any corporation or other organization, whether incorporated or unincorporated , in which the Company owns, directly or indirectly, any equity or other ownership interest.
Authorization: Enforcement.
(i) The Company has all requisite corporate power and authority to enter into and perform this Agreement, the Securities and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby and to issue the Securities, in accordance with the terms hereof and thereof, (ii) the execution and delivery of this Agreement, the Securities by the Company and the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby have been duly authorized by the Company's Board of Directors and no further consent or authorization of the Company, its Board of Directors, or its shareholders is required, (iii) this Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by the Company by its authorized representative, and such authorized representative is the true and official representative with authority to sign this Agreement and the other documents executed in connection herewith and bind the Company accordingly, and (iv) this Agreement constitutes, and upon execution and delivery by the Company of the Securities, each of such instruments will constitute, a legal, valid and binding obligation of the Company enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms.
All of such outstanding shares of capital stock are, or upon issuance will be, duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable.
No shares of capital stock of the Company are subject to preemptive rights or any other similar rights of the shareholders of the Company or any liens or encumbrances imposed through the actions or failure to act of the Company.
As of the effective date of this Agreement, (i) there are no outstanding options, scrip, rights to subscribe for, puts, calls, rights of first refusal, agreements, understandings, claims or other commitments or rights of any character whatsoever relating to, or securities or rights convertible into or exchangeable for any shares of capital stock of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or arrangements by which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is or may become bound to issue additional shares of capital stock of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, (ii) there are no agreements or arrangements under which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is obligated to register the sale of any of its or their securities under the 1933 Act and (iii) there are no anti- dilution or price adjustment provisions contained in any security issued by the Company (or in any agreement providing rights to security holders) that will be triggered by the issuance of the Securities.
The Shares are duly authorized and reserved for issuance and, will be validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable, and free from all taxes, liens, claims and encumbrances with respect to the issue thereof and shall not be subject to preemptive rights or other similar rights of shareholders of the Company and will not impose personal liability upon the holder thereof.
The Company understands and acknowledges the potentially dilutive effect to the Common Stock upon the issuance of the Shares.
The Company further acknowledges that its obligation to issue the Shares in accordance with this Agreement, and the issuance of such Shares is absolute and unconditional regardless of the dilutive effect that such issuance may have on the ownership interests of other shareholders of the Company.
f. No Conflicts.
The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement, the Securities by the Company and the consummation by the Company of the transaction s contemplated hereby and thereby will not (i) conflict with or result in a violation of any provision of the Certificate of Incorporation or By-laws, or (ii) violate or conflict with, or result in a breach of any provision of, or constitute a default (or an event which with notice or lapse of time or both could become a default) under, or give to others any rights of termination, amendment, acceleration or cancellation of, any agreement, indenture, patent, patent license or instrument to which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is a party, or (iii) result in a violation of any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment or decree (including federal and state securities laws and regulations and regulations of any self-regulatory organizations to which the Company or its securities are subject) applicable to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or by which any property or asset of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is bound or affected (except for such conflicts, defaults, terminations , amendments , accelerations, cancellations and violations as would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect).
Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is in violation of its Certificate of Incorporation, By-laws or other organizational documents and neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is in default (and no event has occurred which with notice or lapse of time or both could put the Company or any of its Subsidiaries in default) under, and neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has taken any action or failed to take any action that would give to others any rights of termination, amendment, acceleration or cancellation of, any agreement, indenture or instrument to which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is a party or by which any property or assets of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is bound or affected, except for possible defaults as would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect.
The businesses of the Company and its Subsidiaries, if any, are not being conducted, and shall not be conducted so long as the Buyer owns any of the Securities, in violation of any law, ordinance or regulation of any governmental entity.
Except as specifically contemplated by this Agreement and as required under the 1933 Act and any applicable state securities laws, the Company is not required to obtain any consent, authorization or order of, or make any filing or registration with, any court, governmental agency, regulatory agency, self regulatory organization or stock market or any third party in order for it to execute, deliver or perform any of its obligations under this Agreement , the Securities in accordance with the terms hereof or thereof or to issue and sell the Securities in accordance with the terms hereof and to issue the Shares.
All consents, authorizations, orders, filings and registrations which the Company is required to obtain pursuant to the preceding sentence have been obtained or effected on or prior to the date hereof.
The Company is not in violation of the listing requirements of the Over-the- Counter Bulletin Board (the ''OTCBB") and does not reasonably anticipate that the Common Stock wil1 be delisted by the OTCBB in the foreseeable future.
The Company and its Subsidiaries are unaware of any facts or circumstances which might give rise to any of the foregoing.
In addition, if a Material Adverse Effect or Event occurs subsequent to a Reg A Purchase Price being paid by Buyer, but prior to the sale of the Reg A Purchase Shares, Buyer, in its sole discretion, may be entitled to receive the immediate return of the Purchase Price funds.
The Company has, or once it becomes a public entity will, timely file all reports, schedules, forms, statements and other documents required to be filed by it with the SEC pursuant to the reporting requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "1934 Act") (all of the foregoing filed prior to the date hereof and all exhibits included therein and financial statements and schedules thereto and documents (other than exhibits to such documents) incorporated by reference therein , being hereinafter referred to herein as the "SEC Documents").
As of their respective dates, the SEC Documents complied in all material respects with the requirements of the 1934 Act and the rules and regulations of the SEC promulgated thereunder applicable to the SEC Documents, and none of the SEC Documents , at the time they were filed with the SEC, contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.
None of the statements made in any such SEC Documents is, or has been, required to be amended or updated under applicable law (except for such statements as have been amended or updated in subsequent filings prior the date hereof).
As of their respective dates, the financial statements of the Company included in the SEC Documents complied as to form in all material respects with applicable accounting requirements and the published rules and regulations of the SEC with respect thereto.
Such financial statements have been prepared in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles, consistently applied, during the periods involved and fairly present in all material respects the consolidated financial position of the Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries as of the dates thereof and the consolidated results of their operations and cash flows for the periods then ended (subject, in the case of unaudited statements, to normal year- end audit adjustments).
Except as set forth in the financial statements of the Company included in the SEC Documents, the Company has no liabilities, contingent or otherwise, other than (i) liabilities incurred in the ordinary course of business subsequent to June 23, 2016, and (ii) obligations under contracts and commitments incurred in the ordinary course of business and not required under generally accepted accounting principles to be reflected in such financial statements, which, individually or in the aggregate, are not material to the financial condition or operating results of the Company.
The Company is subject to the reporting requirements of the 1934 Act.
Since June 23, 2016, there have been no material adverse change and no material adverse development in the assets, liabilities, business, properties, operations, financial condition, results of operations, prospects or 1934 Act reporting status of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries.
Absence of Litigation.
There is no action, suit, claim, proceeding, inquiry or investigation before or by any court, public board, government agency, self-regulatory organization or body pending or, to the knowledge of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, threatened against or affecting the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or their officers or directors in their capacity as such, that could have a Material Adverse Effect.
Schedule 3(i) contains a complete list and summary description of any pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened proceeding against or affecting the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, without regard to whether it would have a Material Adverse Effect.
The Company and its Subsidiaries are unaware of any facts or circumstances which might give rise to any of the foregoing.
Patents, Copyrights, etc.
The Company and each of its Subsidiaries owns or possesses the requisite licenses or rights to use all patents, patent applications, patent rights, inventions, know-how, trade secrets, trademarks, trademark applications, service marks, service names, trade names and copyrights ("Intellectual Property") necessary to enable it to conduct its business as now operated (and, as presently contemplated to be operated in the future); there is no claim or action by any person pertaining to, or proceeding pending, or to the Company's knowledge threatened, which challenges the right of the Company or of a Subsidiary with respect to any Intellectual Property necessary to enable it to conduct its business as now operated (and, as presently contemplated to be operated in the future); to the best of the Company's knowledge , the Company's or its Subsidiaries' current and intended products , services and processes do not infringe on any Intellectual Property or other rights held by any person; and the Company is unaware of any facts or circumstances which might give rise to any of the foregoing.
The Company and each of its Subsidiaries have taken reasonable security measures to protect the secrecy, confidentiality and value of their Intellectual Property.
k. No Materially Adverse Contracts, Etc.
Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is subject to any charter, corporate or other legal restriction, or any judgment, decree, order, rule or regulation which in the judgment of the Company's officers has or is expected in the future to have a Material Adverse Effect.
Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is a party to any contract or agreement which in the judgment of the Company's officers has or is expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.
Tax Status.
The Company and each of its Subsidiaries has made or filed all federal, state and foreign income and all other tax returns, reports and declarations required by any jurisdiction to which it is subject (unless and only to the extent that the Company and each of its Subsidiaries has set aside on its books provisions reasonably adequate for the payment of all unpaid and unreported taxes) and has paid all taxes and other governmental assessments and charges that are material in amount, shown or determined to be due on such returns, reports and declarations, except those being contested in good faith and has set aside on its books provisions reasonably adequate for the payment of all taxes for periods subsequent to the periods to which such returns, reports or declarations apply.
There are no unpaid taxes in any material amount claimed to be due by the taxing authority of any jurisdiction, and the officers of the Company know of no basis for any such claim.
The Company has not executed a waiver with respect to the statute of limitations relating to the assessment or collection of any foreign, federal, state or local tax.
None of the Company's tax returns is presently being audited by any taxing authority.
None of the officers, directors, or employees of the Company is presently a party to any transaction with the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (other than for services as employees, officers and directors), including any contract, agreement or other arrangement providing for the furnishing of services to or by, providing for rental of real or personal property to or from, or otherwise requiring payments to or from any officer, director or such employee or, to the knowledge of the Company, any corporation, partnership, trust or other entity in which any officer, director, or any such employee has a substantial interest or is an officer, director, trustee or partner.
In addition , Company agrees that during the term of this Agreement, it shall not enter into a similar financing arrangement with any other individual or entity.
n. Disclosure.
All information relating to or concerning the Company or any of its Subsidiaries set forth in this Agreement and provided to the Buyer pursuant to Section 2(d) hereof and otherwise in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby is true and correct in all material respects and the Company has not omitted to state any material fact necessary in order to make the statements made herein or therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.
No event or circumstance has occurred or exists with respect to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or its or their business, properties, prospects, operations or financial conditions, which, under applicable law, rule or regulation, requires public disclosure or announcement by the Company but which has not been so publicly announced or disclosed (assuming for this purpose that the Company's reports filed under the 1934 Act are being incorporated into an effective registration statement filed by the Company under the 1933 Act).
Acknowledgment Regarding Buyer's Purchase of Securities.
The Company acknowledges and agrees that the Buyer is acting solely in the capacity of arm's length purchasers with respect to this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby .
The Company further acknowledges that the Buyer is not acting as a financial advisor or fiduciary of the Company (or in any similar capacity) with respect to this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby and any statement made by the Buyer or any of its respective representatives or agents in connection with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby is not advice or a recommendation and is merely incidental to the Buyer' purchase of the Securities.
The Company further represents to the Buyer that the Company's decision to enter into this Agreement has been based solely on the independent evaluation of the Company and its representatives.
p. No Integrated Offering.
Neither the Company, nor any of its affiliates, nor any person acting on its or their behalf , has directly or indirectly made any offers or sales in any security or solicited any offers to buy any security under circumstances that would require registration under the 1933 Act of the issuance of the Securities to the Buyer.
The issuance of the Securities to the Buyer will not be integrated with any other issuance of the Company's securities (past, current or future) for purposes of any shareholder approval provisions applicable to the Company or its securities.
No Brokers.
The Company has taken no action which would give rise to any claim by any person for brokerage commissions, transaction fees or similar payments relating to this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby.
The Company and each of its Subsidiaries is in possession of all franchises, grants, authorizations, licenses, permits, easements, variances, exemptions, consents, certificates, approvals and orders necessary to own, lease and operate its properties and to carry on its business as it is now being conducted (collectively, the ''Company Permits"), and there is no action pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened regarding suspension or cancellation of any of the Company Permits.
Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is in conflict with, or in default or violation of, any of the Company Permits, except for any such conflicts, defaults or violations which, individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.
(i) There are, to the Company's knowledge, with respect to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or any predecessor of the Company, no past or present violations of Environmental Laws (as defined below), releases of any material into the environment, actions, activities, circumstances, conditions, events, incidents, or contractual obligations which may give rise to any common law environmental liability or any liability under the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act of 1980 or similar federal, state, local or foreign laws and neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has received any notice with respect to any of the foregoing, nor is any action pending or, to the Company's knowledge, threatened in connection with any of the foregoing.
The term "Environmental Laws" means all federal, state, local or foreign laws relating to pollution or protection of human health or the environment (including, without limitation, ambient air, surface water, groundwater, land surface or subsurface strata), including, without limitation, laws relating to emissions, discharges, releases or threatened releases of chemicals, pollutants contaminants, or toxic or hazardous substances or wastes (collectively, "Hazardous Materials") into the environment, or otherwise relating to the manufacture, processing, distribution, use, treatment, storage, disposal, transport or handling of Hazardous Materials, as well as all authorizations, codes, decrees, demands or demand letters, injunctions, judgments , licenses, notices or notice letters, orders, permits, plans or regulations issued, entered, promulgated or approved thereunder.
(ii) Other than those that are or were stored, used or disposed of in compliance with applicable law, no Hazardous Materials are contained on or about any real property currently owned, leased or used by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, and no Hazardous Materials were released on or about any real property previously owned, leased or used by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries during the period the property was owned, leased or used by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, except in the normal course of the Company's or any of its Subsidiaries' business.
(iii) There are no underground storage tanks on or under any real property owned, leased or used by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries that are not in compliance with applicable law.
The Company and its Subsidiaries have good and marketable title in fee simple to all real property and good and marketable title to all personal property owned by them which is material to the business of the Company and its Subsidiaries, in each case free and clear of all liens, encumbrances and defects except such as are described in Schedule 3(t) or such as would not have a Material Adverse Effect.
Any real property and facilities held under lease by the Company and its Subsidiaries are held by them under valid, subsisting and enforceable leases with such exceptions as would not have a Material Adverse Effect.
Insurance.
The Company and each of its Subsidiaries are insured by insurers of recognized financial responsibility against such losses and risks and in such amounts as management of the Company believes to be prudent and customary in the businesses in which the Company and its Subsidiaries are engaged.
Neither the Company nor any such Subsidiary has any reason to believe that it will not be able to renew its existing insurance coverage as and when such coverage expires or to obtain similar coverage from similar insurers as may be necessary to continue its business at a cost that would not have a Material Adverse Effect.
The Company and each of its Subsidiaries maintain a system of internal accounting controls sufficient, in the judgment of the Company's board of directors, to provide reasonable assurance that (i) transactions are executed in accordance with management's general or specific authorizations, (ii) transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles and to maintain asset accountability, (iii) access to assets is permitted only in accordance with management's general or specific authorization and (iv) the recorded accountability for assets is compared with the existing assets at reasonable intervals and appropriate action is taken with respect to any differences.
Neither the Company, nor any of its Subsidiaries, nor any director, officer, agent, employee or other person acting on behalf of the Company or any Subsidiary has, in the course of his actions for, or on behalf of, the Company, used any corporate funds for any unlawful contribution, gift, entertainment or other unlawful expenses relating to political activity; made any direct or indirect unlawful payment to any foreign or domestic government official or employee from corporate funds; violated or is in violation of any provision of the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended, or made any bribe, rebate, payoff, influence payment, kickback or other unlawful payment to any foreign or domestic government official or employee.
The Company (after giving effect to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement) is solvent (i.e., its assets have a fair market value in excess of the amount required to pay its probable liabilities on its existing debts as they become absolute and matured) and currently the Company has no information that would lead it to reasonably conclude that the Company would not, after giving effect to the transaction contemplated by this Agreement, have the ability to, nor does it intend to take any action that would impair its ability to, pay its debts from time to time incurred in connection therewith as such debts mature.
The Company did not receive a qualified opinion from its auditors with respect to its most recent fiscal year end and, after giving effect to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, does not anticipate or know of any basis upon which its auditors might issue a qualified opinion in respect of its current fiscal year.
No Investment Company.
The Company is not, and upon the issuance and sale of the Securities as contemplated by this Agreement will not be an "investment company" required to be registered under the Investment Company Act of 1940 (an "Investment Company").
The Company is not controlled by an Investment Company.
If the Company breaches any of the representations or warranties set forth in this Section 3, and in addition to any other remedies available to the Buyer pursuant to this Agreement, it will be considered an Event of default.
Covenants.
Best Efforts.
The parties shall use their best efforts to satisfy timely each of the conditions described in Section 6 and 7 of this Agreement.
Use of Proceeds.
The Company shall use the proceeds for general working capital purposes.
The Company shall promptly secure the listing of the Shares upon each national securities exchange or automated quotation system, if any, upon which shares of Common Stock are then listed (subject to official notice of issuance) and, so long as the Buyer owns any of the Securities, shall maintain, so long as any other shares of Common Stock shall be so listed, such listing of all Shares from time to time issuable upon future Closings.
The Company will obtain and, so long as the Buyer owns any of the Securities, maintain the listing and trading of its Common Stock on the OTCBB or any equivalent replacement quotation service, the Nasdaq National Market ("Nasdaq"), the Nasdaq Small Cap Market ("Nasdaq Small Cap'), the New York Stock Exchange (''NYSE"), or the American Stock Exchange ("AMEX") and will comply in all respects with the Company's reporting, filing and other obligations under the bylaws or rules of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority ("FINRA") and such exchanges, as applicable.
So long as the Buyer beneficially owns any Securities, the Company shall maintain its corporate existence and shall not sell all or substantially all of the Company's assets, except in the event of a merger or consolidation or sale of all or substantially all of the Company's assets, where the surviving or successor entity in such transaction (i) assumes the Company's obligations hereunder and under the agreements and instruments entered into in connection herewith and (ii) is a publicly traded corporation whose Common Stock is listed for trading on the OTCBB or any equivalent replacement quotation service, Nasdaq, Nasdaq Small Cap, NYSE or AMEX.
The Company shall not make any offers or sales of any security (other than the Securities) under circumstances that would require registration of the Securities being offered or sold hereunder under the 1933 Act or cause the offering of the Securities to be integrated with any other offering of securities by the Company for the purpose of any stockholder approval provision applicable to the Company or its securities.
If the Company breaches any of the covenants set forth in this Section 4, and in addition to any other remedies available to the Buyer pursuant to this Agreement, it will be considered an event of default.
So long as the Buyer beneficially owns the Securities, the Company shall comply with the reporting requirements of the 1934 Act; and the Company shall continue to be subject to the reporting requirements of the 1934 Act.
Trading Activities.
Neither the Buyer nor its affiliates has an open short position in the common stock of the Company and the Buyer agree that it shall not, and that it will cause its affiliates not to, engage in any short sales of or hedging transactions with respect to the common stock of the Company.
The Company warrants that: (i) no instruction other than the Irrevocable Transfer Agent Instructions referred to in this Section 5, and stop transfer instructions to give effect to Section 2(f) hereof, will be given by the Company to its transfer agent and that the Securities shall otherwise be freely transferable on the books and records of the Company as and to the extent provided in this Agreement; (ii) it will not direct its transfer agent not to transfer or delay, impair, and/or hinder its transfer agent in transferring (or issuing)(electronically or in certificated form) any certificate for Shares to be issued to the Buyer pursuant to this Agreement; and (iii) it will not fail to remove (or directs its transfer agent not to remove or impairs, delays, and/or hinders its transfer agent from removing) any restrictive legend (or to withdraw any stop transfer instructions in respect thereof) on any certificate for any Shares issued to the Buyer pursuant to this Agreement.
Nothing in this Section shall affect in any way the Buyer's obligations and agreement set forth in Section 2(g) hereof to comply with all applicable prospectus delivery requirements, if any, upon re- sale of the Securities.
The Company acknowledges that a breach by it of its obligations hereunder will cause irreparable harm to the Buyer, by vitiating the intent and purpose of the transactions contemplated hereby.
Accordingly, the Company acknowledges that the remedy at law for a breach of its obligations under this Section 5 may be inadequate and agrees, in the event of a breach or threatened breach by the Company of the provisions of this Section, that the Buyer shall be entitled, in addition to all other available remedies, to an injunction restraining any breach and requiring immediate transfer, without the necessity of showing economic loss and without any bond or other security being required.
The obligation of the Company hereunder to issue and sell the Shares to the Buyer at each Closing is subject to the satisfaction, at or before each Closing Date of each of the following conditions thereto, provided that these conditions are for the Company's sole benefit and may be waived by the Company at any time in its sole discretion:
The representations and warranties of the Buyer shall be true and correct in all material respects as of the date when made and as of each Closing Date as though made at that time (except for representations and warranties that speak as of a specific date), and the Buyer shall have performed, satisfied and complied in all material respects with the covenants, agreements and conditions required by this Agreement to be performed, satisfied or complied with by the Buyer at or prior to each Closing Date.
No litigation, statute, rule, regulation, executive order, decree, ruling or injunction shall have been enacted, entered, promulgated or endorsed by or in any court or governmental authority of competent jurisdiction or any self-regulatory organization having authority over the matters contemplated hereby which prohibits the consummation of any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.
The obligation of the Buyer hereunder to purchase the Securities at each Closing is subject to the satisfaction, at or before each Closing Date of each of the following conditions, provided that these conditions are for the Buyer's sole benefit and may be waived by the Buyer at any time in its sole discretion:
The representations and warranties of the Company shall be true and correct in all material respects as of the date when made and as of the Closing Date as though made at such time (except for representations and warranties that speak as of a specific date) and the Company shall have performed, satisfied and comp1ied in all material respects with the covenants, agreements and conditions required by this Agreement to be performed, satisfied or complied with by the Company at or prior to the Closing Date.
No litigation, statute, rule, regulation, executive order, decree, ruling or injunction shall have been enacted, entered, promulgated or endorsed by or in any court or governmental authority of competent jurisdiction or any self-regulatory organization having authority over the matters contemplated hereby which prohibits the consummation of any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.
No event shall have occurred which could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on the Company including but not limited to a change in the 1934 Act reporting status of the Company or the failure of the Company to be timely in its 1934 Act reporting obligations.
The Shares shall have been authorized for quotation on the OTCBB (or any equivalent replacement quotation service) and trading in the Common Stock on the OTCBB shall not have been suspended by the SEC, FINRA, or OTC Markets.
Governing Law; Miscellaneous.
Governing Law.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York without regard to principles of conflicts of laws.
Any action brought by either party against the other concerning the transactions contemplated by this Agreement shall be brought only in the state courts of New York or in the federal courts located in the state of New York.
The parties to this Agreement hereby irrevocably waive any objection to jurisdiction and venue of any action instituted hereunder and shall not assert any defense based on lack of jurisdiction or venue or based upon forum non convenience.
The Company and Buyer waive trial by jury.
The prevailing party shall be entitled to recover from the other party its reasonable attorney's fees and costs.
In the event that any provision of this Agreement or any other agreement delivered in connection herewith is invalid or unenforceable under any applicable statute or rule of law, then such provision shall be deemed inoperative to the extent that it may conflict therewith and shall be deemed modified to conform with such statute or rule of law.
Any such provision which may prove invalid or unenforceable under any law shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision of any agreement.
Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any other manner permitted by law.
Counterparts.
This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original but all of which shall constitute one and the same agreement and shall become effective when counterparts have been signed by each party and delivered to the other party.
The headings of this Agreement are for convenience of reference only and shall not form part of, or affect the interpretation of, this Agreement.
In the event that any provision of this Agreement is invalid or unenforceable under any applicable statute or rule of law, then such provision shall be deemed inoperative to the extent that it may conflict therewith and shall be deemed modified to conform with such statute or rule of law.
Any provision hereof which may prove invalid or unenforceable under any law shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision hereof.
This Agreement and the instruments referenced herein contain the entire understanding of the parties with respect to the matters covered herein and therein and, except as specifically set forth herein or therein, neither the Company nor the Buyer makes any representation, warranty, covenant or undertaking with respect to such matters.
No provision of this Agreement may be waived or amended other than by an instrument in writing signed by the majority in interest of the Buyer.
Each party shall provide notice to the other party of any change in address.
This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties and their successors and assigns.
Neither the Company nor the Buyer shall assign this Agreement or any rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of the other.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, subject to Section 2(f), the Buyer may assign its rights hereunder to any person that purchases Securities in a private transaction from the Buyer or to any of its "affiliates," as that term is defined under the 1934 Act, without the consent of the Company.
This Agreement is intended for the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective permitted successors and assigns, and is not for the benefit of, nor may any provision hereof be enforced by, any other person.
The representations and warranties of the Company and the agreements and covenants set forth in this Agreement shall survive the closing hereunder notwithstanding any due diligence investigation conducted by or on behalf of the Buyer.
The Company agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the Buyer and all their officers, directors, employees and agents for loss or damage arising as a result of or related to any breach or alleged breach by the Company of any of its representations, warranties and covenants set forth in this Agreement or any of its covenants and obligations under this Agreement, including advancement of expenses as they are incurred.
The Company, and the Buyer shall have the right to review a reasonable period of time before issuance of any press releases, SEC, OTC Markets, or FINRA filings, or any other public statements with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby; provided, however, that the Company shall be entitled, without the prior approval of the Buyer, to make any press release or SEC, OTCBB (or other applicable trading market) or FINRA filings with respect to such transactions as is required by applicable law and regulations (although the Buyer shall be consulted by the Company in connection with any such press release prior to its release and shall be provided with a copy thereof and be given an opportunity to comment thereon).
l. No Strict Construction.
The language used in this Agreement will be deemed to be the language chosen by the parties to express their mutual intent, and no rules of strict construction will be applied against any party.
The Company acknowledges that a breach by it of its obligations hereunder will cause irreparable harm to the Buyer by vitiating the intent and purpose of the transaction contemplated hereby.
Accordingly, the Company acknowledges that the remedy at law for a breach of its obligations under this Agreement will be inadequate and agrees, in the event of a breach or threatened breach by the Company of the provisions of this Agreement, that the Buyer shall be entitled, in addition to all other available remedies at law or in equity, and in addition to the penalties assessable herein, to an injunction or injunctions restraining, preventing or curing any breach of this Agreement and to enforce specifically the terms and provisions hereof, without the necessity of showing economic loss and without any bond or other security being required.
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned Buyer and the Company have caused this Agreement to be duly executed as of the date first above written.
Title: CEO
___________________________
Title: Managing Partner
We, the undersigned, do hereby certify that at a meeting of the Board of Directors of SPO Global Inc., a Delaware corporation organized under the laws of the State of Delaware (the "Corporation"), duly held on June 23, 2016 at the offices of the Corporation, which said meeting no less than two directors were present and voting throughout, the following resolution, upon motions made, seconded and carried, was duly adopted and is now in full force and effect:
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT:
RESOLVED, that the Corporation is hereby authorized to enter into the Agreement, the Note and the Letter Agreement which provides in pertinent part: (i) reserve shares of common stock of the Corporation to be issued upon any conversion of the Note; (ii) issue such shares of common stock in connection with a conversion of the Note (issuance upon receipt of a notice of conversion of the holder of the Note) without any further action or confirmation by the Corporation; (iii) hereby authorizes the issuance of such number of shares as will be necessary to fully convert the note under its terms and any such shares shall be considered fully paid and non-assessable at the time of their issuance and (iv) the Corporation indemnifies Continental Stock Transfer for all loss, liability, or expense in carrying out the authority and direction contained in the Letter Agreement:
The undersigned, do hereby certify that we are members of the Board of Directors of the Corporation; that the attached is a true and correct copy of resolutions duly adopted and ratified at a meeting of the Board of Directors of the Corporation duly convened and held in accordance with its by- laws and the laws of the State of Delaware, as transcribed by us from the minutes; and that the same have not in any way been modified, repealed or rescinded and are in full force and effect.
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, We have hereunto set our hands as President/CEO and Members of the Board of Directors of the Corporation.
Members of the Board:
  Title:
Title:
 Title:Title:   16
  NEITHER THIS NOTE NOR THE SECURITIES INTO WHICH THIS NOTE IS CONVERTIBLE HAVE BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE "ACT") OR ANY STATE SECURITIES LAWS AND NEITHER THIS NOTE NOR ANY INTEREST THEREIN NOR THE SECURITIES INTO WHICH THIS NOTE IS CONVERTIBLE MAY BE OFFERED, SOLD, TRANSFERRED, PLEDGED OR OTHERWISE DISPOSED OF EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER SUCH ACT AND SUCH LAWS OR AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER SUCH ACT AND SUCH LAWS.
PRINCIPAL AND INTEREST Section 1.1.
Interest shall be computed on the basis of a 365-day year or 366-day year, as applicable, and actual days lapsed.
Section 1.2. a.
All principal and accrued interest then outstanding shall be due and payable by the Maker to the Holder on or before August 23, 2017 (the "Maturity Date").
d. This Note is free from all taxes, liens, claims and encumbrances with respect to the issue thereof and shall not be subject to preemptive rights or other similar rights of shareholders of the Maker and will not impose personal liability upon the holder thereof.
Section 1.3.
This Note is issued as the Commitment Fee pursuant to Section 1 of Securities Purchase Agreement dated June 23, 2016, and attached below.
The Holder or its assigns shall have the right, from time to time, commencing on the Issuance Date of this Note, to convert any part of the outstanding interest or Principal Amount of this Note into fully paid and non-assessable shares of Common Stock of the Maker (the "Conversion Stock") at the Conversion Price determined as provided herein.
No fraction of a share or scrip representing a fraction of a share will be issued on conversion, but the number of shares issuable shall be rounded to the nearest whole share.
Section 2.2.
The total number of shares due under any conversion notice (''Notice Shares") will be equal to the Conversion Amount divided by the Conversion Price.
The "Valuation Period" shall mean twenty (20) Trading Days, commencing on the first Trading Day following delivery and clearing of the Notice Shares in Holder's brokerage account, as reported by Holder ("Valuation Start Date").
A Conversion Amount will not be considered fully converted until the end of the Valuation Period for that Conversion Amount, as decreases in the Conversion Price would require the issuance of more Additional Shares, and thereby the issuance of more Notice Shares.
"Trading Price" means, for any security as of any date, any trading price on the OTC Bulletin Board, or other applicable trading market (the "OTCBB") as reported by a reliable reporting service ("Reporting Service") mutually acceptable to Maker and Holder (i.e.
"Trading Day" shall mean any day on which the Common Stock is tradable for any period on the OTCBB, or on the principal securities exchange or other securities market on which the Common Stock is then being traded.
18
  Section 2.3.
Reorganization, Reclassification, Merger, Consolidation or Disposition of Assets.
In case the Maker shall reorganize its capital, reclassify its capital stock, consolidate or merge with or into another corporation (where the Maker is not the surviving corporation or where there is a change in or distribution with respect to the Common Stock of the Maker), or sell, transfer or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all its property, assets or business to another corporation and, pursuant to the terms of such reorganization, reclassification, merger, consolidation or disposition of assets, shares of common stock of the successor or acquiring corporation, or any cash, shares of stock or other securities or property of any nature whatsoever (including warrants or other subscription or purchase rights) in addition to or in lieu of common stock of the successor or acquiring corporation ("Other Property"), are to be received by or distributed to the holders of Common Stock of the Maker, then Holder shall have the right thereafter to receive, upon conversion of this Note, the number of shares of common stock of the successor or acquiring corporation or of the Maker, if it is the surviving corporation, and Other Property receivable upon or as a result of such reorganization, reclassification, merger, consolidation or disposition of assets by a holder of the number of shares of Common Stock into which this Note is convertible immediately prior to such event.
In case of any such reorganization, reclassification, merger, consolidation or disposition of assets, the successor or acquiring corporation (if other than the Maker) shall expressly assume the due and punctual observance and performance of each and every covenant and condition of this Note to be performed and observed by the Maker and all the obligations and liabilities hereunder, subject to such modifications as may be deemed appropriate (as determined in good faith by resolution of the Board of Directors of the Maker) in order to provide for adjustments of the number of shares of common stock into which this Note is convertible which shall be as nearly equivalent as practicable to the adjustments provided for in this Section 2.3(a).
For purposes of this Section 2.3(a), "common stock of the successor or acquiring corporation" shall include stock of such corporation of any class which is not preferred as to dividends or assets over any other class of stock of such corporation and which is not subject to redemption and shall also include any evidences of indebtedness, shares of stock or other securities which are convertible into or exchangeable for any such stock, either immediately or upon the arrival of a specified date or the happening of a specified event and any warrants or other rights to subscribe for or purchase any such stock.
The foregoing provisions of this Section 2.3(a) shall similarly apply to successive reorganizations, reclassifications, mergers, consolidations or disposition of assets.
Section 2.4.
Restrictions on Securities.
This Note has been issued by the Maker pursuant to the exemption from registration under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Act").
None of this Note or the shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of this Note may be offered, sold or otherwise transferred unless (i) they first shall have been registered under the Act and applicable state securities laws or (ii) the Maker shall have been furnished with an opinion of legal counsel (in form, substance and scope reasonably acceptable to Maker) to the effect that such sale or transfer is exempt from the registration requirements of the Act.
Each certificate for shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of this Note that have not been so registered and that have not been sold pursuant to an exemption that permits removal of the applicable legend, shall bear a legend substantially in the following form, as appropriate: THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED HEREBY HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 (THE "ACT").
THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED HEREBY MAY NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED UNLESS THEY ARE REGISTERED UNDER THE ACT AND APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS, OR SUCH OFFERS, SALES AND TRANSFERS ARE MADE PURSUANT TO AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THOSE LAWS.
Upon the request of a holder of a certificate representing any shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of this Note, the Maker shall remove the foregoing legend from the certificate or issue to such Holder a new certificate free of any transfer legend, if (a) with such request, the Maker shall have received an opinion of counsel, reasonably satisfactory to the Maker in form, substance and scope, to the effect that any such legend may be removed from such certificate or (b) a registration statement under the Act covering such securities is in effect.
19
  Section 2.5.
Reservation of Common Stock.
(a) The Maker covenants that during the period the Note is outstanding, it will reserve from its authorized and unissued Common Stock a sufficient number of shares to provide for the issuance of Common Stock of the Maker upon the Conversion of the Note.
The Maker further covenants that its issuance of this Note shall constitute full authority to its officers who are charged with the duty of executing stock certificates to execute and issue the necessary certificates for shares of Common Stock of the Maker issuable upon the conversion of this Note.
The Maker will take all such reasonable action as may be necessary to assure that such shares of Common Stock may be issued as provided herein without violation of any applicable law or regulation, or of any requirements of the OTC Bulletin Board (or such other principal market upon which the Common Stock of the Maker may be listed or quoted).
(b) The Maker shall not by any action, including, without limitation, amending its certificate of incorporation or through any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, dissolution, issue or sale of securities or any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms of this Note, but will at all times in good faith assist in the carrying out of all such terms and in the taking of all such actions as may be necessary or appropriate to protect the rights of Holder against impairment.
Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Maker will (a) not increase the par value of any shares of Common Stock issuable upon the conversion of this Note above the amount payable therefor upon such conversion immediately prior to such increase in par value, (b) take all such action as may be necessary or appropriate in order that the Maker may validly and legally issue fully paid and non-assessable shares of Common Stock upon the conversion of this Note, and (c) use its best efforts to obtain all such authorizations, exemptions or consents from any public regulatory body having jurisdiction thereof as may be necessary to enable the Maker to perform its obligations under this Note.
(d) Before taking any action which would cause an adjustment reducing the current Conversion Price below the then par value, if any, of the shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the Notes, the Maker shall take any corporate action which may be necessary in order that the Maker may validly and legally issue fully paid and non-assessable shares of such Common Stock at such adjusted Conversion Price.
(e) Before taking any action which would result in an adjustment in the number of shares of Common Stock into which this Note is convertible or in the Conversion Price, the Maker shall obtain all such authorizations or exemptions thereof, or consents thereto, as may be necessary from any public regulatory body or bodies having jurisdiction thereof.
Section 2.6.
The Holder shall not be entitled to convert on a Conversion Date that amount of the Notes in connection with that number of shares of Common Stock which would be in excess of the sum of (i) the number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by the Holder and its affiliates on Conversation Date, and (ii) the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon the conversion of the Notes with respect to which the determination of this provision is being made on a Conversion Date, which would result in beneficial ownership by the Holder and its Affiliates of more than 9.99% of the outstanding shares of Common Stock of the Company on such Conversion Date.
For the purposes of the provision to the immediately preceding sentence, beneficial ownership shall be determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and Regulation 13d-3 thereunder.
In the event that Holder elects to exchange the note for purchase of shares from the Reg A Offering, said shares shall be issued free of restrictive legend and will be deemed qualified shares.
REPRESENTATIONSAND WARRANTIES Section 3.1.
The Holder represents and warrants to the Maker: (a) The Holder of this Note, by acceptance hereof, agrees that this Note is being acquired for investment and that such Holder will not offer, sell or otherwise dispose of this Note or the Common Stock issuable upon conversion hereof except under circumstances that will not result in a violation of the Act or any application state securities laws or similar laws relating to the sale of securities; (b) That Holder understands that none of this Note or the Common Stock issuable upon conversion hereof have been registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Act"), in reliance upon the exemptions from the registration provisions of the Act and any continued reliance on such exemption is predicated on the representations of the Holder set forth herein; (c) Holder (i) has adequate means of providing for his current needs and possible contingencies, (ii) has no need for liquidity in this investment, (iii) is able to bear the substantial economic risks of an investment in this Note for an indefinite period, (iv) at the present time, can afford a complete loss of such investment, and (v) does not have an overall commitment to investments which are not readily marketable that is disproportionate to Holder's net worth, and Holder's investment in this Note will not cause such overall commitment to become excessive; (d) Holder is an "accredited investor" (as defined in Regulation D promulgated under the Act) and the Holder's total investment in this Note does not exceed 10% of the Holder's net worth; and (e) Holder recognizes that an investment in the Maker involves significant risks and only investors who can afford the loss of their entire investment should consider investing in the Maker and this Note.
Section 3.2.
The Maker represents and warrants to Holder: Organization and Qualification.
The Maker and each of its Subsidiaries (as defined below), if any, is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction in which it is incorporated, with full power and authority (corporate and other) to own, lease, use and operate its properties and to carry on its business as and where now owned, leased, used, operated and conducted.
The Maker and each of its Subsidiaries is duly qualified as a foreign corporation to do business and is in good standing in every jurisdiction in which its ownership or use of property or the nature of the business conducted by it makes such qualification necessary except where the failure to be so qualified or in good standing would not have a Material Adverse Effect.
"Material Adverse Effect" means any material adverse effect on the business, operations, assets, financial condition or prospects of the Maker or its Subsidiaries, if any, taken as a whole, or on the transactions contemplated hereby or by the agreements or instruments to be entered into in connection herewith.
"Subsidiaries" means any corporation or other organization, whether incorporated or unincorporated, in which the Maker owns, directly or indirectly, any equity or other ownership interest.
(i) The Maker has all requisite corporate power and authority to enter into and perform this Note and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby and to issue the Common Stock, in accordance with the terms hereof, (ii) the execution and delivery of this Note by the Maker and the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby (including without limitation, the issuance of the Note and the issuance and reservation for issuance of the Common Stock issuable upon conversion or exercise hereof) have been duly authorized by the Maker's Board of Directors and no further consent or authorization of the Maker, its Board of Directors, or its shareholders is required, (iii) this Note has been duly executed and delivered by the Maker by its authorized representative, and such authorized representative is the true and official representative with authority to sign this Note and the other documents executed in connection herewith and bind the Maker accordingly, and (iv) this Note constitutes, a legal, valid and binding obligation of the Maker enforceable against the Maker in accordance with its terms.
The Conversion Shares are duly authorized and reserved for issuance and, upon conversion of the Note in accordance with its respective terms, will be validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable, and free from all taxes, liens, claims and encumbrances with respect to the issue thereof and shall not be subject to preemptive rights or other similar rights of shareholders of the Maker and will not impose personal liability upon the holder thereof.
The Maker understands and acknowledges the potentially dilutive effect to the Common Stock upon the issuance of the Conversion Shares upon conversion of this Note.
The Maker further acknowledges that its obligation to issue Conversion Shares upon conversion of this Note is absolute and unconditional regardless of the dilutive effect that such issuance may have on the ownership interests of other shareholders of the Maker.
Section 4.2.
Remedies Upon Default.
Upon the occurrence of an event of default by Maker under this Note or at any time before default when the Holder reasonably feels insecure, then, in addition to all other rights and remedies at law or in equity, Holder may exercise any one or more of the following rights and remedies: a.
Pursue any other rights or remedies available to Holder at law or in equity.
Section 4.3.
Section 4.4.
Powers and Remedies Cumulative; Delay or Omission Not Waiver of Default.
No right or remedy herein conferred upon or reserved to the Holder is intended to be exclusive of any other right or remedy available to Holder under applicable law, and every such right and remedy shall, to the extent permitted by law, be cumulative and in addition to every other right and remedy given hereunder or now or hereafter existing at law or in equity or otherwise.
The assertion or employment of any right or remedy hereunder, or otherwise, shall not prevent the concurrent assertion or employment of any other appropriate right or remedy.
No delay or omission of the Holder to exercise any right or power accruing upon any Default occurring and continuing as aforesaid shall impair any such right or power or shall be construed to be a waiver of any such Default or an acquiescence therein; and every power and remedy given by this Note or by law may be exercised from time to time, and as often as shall be deemed expedient, by the Holder.
Section 4.5.
Waiver of Past Defaults.
The Holder may waive any past default or Event of Default hereunder and its consequences but no such waiver shall extend to any subsequent or other default or Event of Default or impair any right consequent thereon.
Section 4.6.
The Maker hereby waives presentment, demand, notice, protest and all other demands and notices in connection with the delivery, acceptance, performance and enforcement of this Note, except as specifically provided herein.
Section 5.2.
Amendment.
This Note and any provision hereof may be amended only by an instrument in writing signed by the Maker and the Holder.
Section 5.3.
Assignability.
This Note shall be binding upon the Maker and its successors and assigns and shall inure to be the benefit of the Holder and its successors and assigns; provided, however, that so long as no Event of Default has occurred, this Note shall only be transferable in whole subject to the restrictions contained in the restrictive legend on the first page of this Note.
Section 5.4.
Governing Law.
This Note shall be governed by the internal laws of the State of New York, without regard to conflicts of laws principles.
Section 5.5.
Replacement of Note.
Section 5.6.
This Note shall not entitle the Holder to any of the rights of a stockholder of the Maker, including without limitation, the right to vote, to receive dividends and other distributions, or to receive any notice of, or to attend, meetings of stockholder or any other proceedings of the Maker, unless and to the extent converted into shares of Common Stock in accordance with the terms hereof.
Section 5.7.
Severability.
In case any provision of this Note is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be excessive in scope or otherwise invalid or unenforceable, such provision shall be adjusted rather than voided, if possible, so that it is enforceable to the maximum extent possible, and the validity and enforceability of the remaining provisions of this Note will not in any way be affected or impaired thereby.
Section 5.8.
The headings of the sections of this Note are inserted for convenience only and do not affect the meaning of such section.
Section 5.9.
Counterparts.
This Note may be executed in multiple counterparts, each of which shall be an original, but all of which shall be deemed to constitute one instrument.
(E)
  To my best knowledge and after completing the aforementioned review of the Company's shareholder and corporate records, I am able to certify that Blackbridge Capital Growth Fund, LLC and its partners and management are not officers, directors, or directly or indirectly, ten percent (10.00%) or more stockholders of the Company and none of said persons have had any such status in the one hundred fifty (150) days immediately preceding the date of this Certificate.
(C) the Company's Board of Directors duly approved the terms of the Securities Purchase Agreement between SPO Global Inc. and Blackbridge Capital Growth Fund, LLC, dated June 23, 2016 and of the Original Note that is a fee of that agreement(D) The Company's officers and directors have not entered into or given any commitment contemplating the receipt or acceptance of any said consideration arising out of or relating to the issuance of the Original Note.
(E) To my best knowledge and after completing the aforementioned review of the Company's shareholder and corporate records, I am able to certify that Blackbridge Capital Growth Fund, LLC and its partners and management are not officers, directors, or directly or indirectly, ten percent (10.00%) or more stockholders of the Company and none of said persons have had any such status in the one hundred fifty (150) days immediately preceding the date of this Certificate.
(F)I understand the constraints imposed under Rule 144 on those persons who are or may be deemed to be "affiliates," as that term is defined in Rule 144(a)(l) of the 1933 Act.
(G) I understand that all of the representations set forth in this Certificate will be relied upon by counsel to Blackbridge Capital Growth Fund, LLC in connection with the preparation of a legal opinion claiming the exemption provided by Rule 144 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.
I hereby affix my signature to this Notarized Certificate and hereby confirm the accuracy of statement.
This Unanimous Written Consent of Directors may be executed in any number of counterparts, and it shall not be necessary that the signatures of all Directors be contained on any one counterpart hereof, each counterpart shall be deemed an original, but all of which when taken together shall constitute one and the same instrument.IN WITNESS WHEREOF, we have caused this instrument to be duly executed this 23rd day of June, 2016.
